[Music]
I promise to bring you breakfast every
tomorrow. I promise that my life begins
where you
you finish. I don't want false expectations or
living within a lie. Yours and
mine is true. Despite what
Say, I will remember that I walk through that
square that we could not shamefully
neither
look. The time came and I took your hand
as we continued walking. For the
two remained silent the great
city, city, city, city,
city. Why do I want to see now?
The star in the sky, if by my side
I have the most beautiful of the
I sign. I don't know if I
you will understand. That which you
tale. You have to feel the heart like
smile inside.
[Music]
Tea
I'll say pinch me every day in
[Music]
wake up, if I argue it's for
get to know you better.
There is no fog that can obscure this
[Music]
love. I
I know that we will go through moments that are not
We imagine that the pain will be so strong
what will we think
to get angry. But this feeling of ours
will put in check the
wounds that we cause to the soul.
Breathe me, for
Please, because this life is for us
escapes. Why do I want to see?
shine, why do I want to see it shine?
star in the sky. By my side I have the
most beautiful of the
firmament. I don't know if you'll understand me.
And what I'm telling you has to be felt
heart as it smiles for
inside. I want to see what I want to see
I already have the screen of the
firmament. I don't know if I
you will understand. There is this that I tell you.
You have to feel the heart as it smiles
inside.
Oh.
[Music]
[Applause]
I thought that loving was no longer
existed, that kisses are given in
any corner.
I thought that loving was just a
I play, but I look at you and I'm dying for
having you next to me. I will invest my life in
get excited and
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost.
Oh, oh.
I ask you every day that your soul be my guide
until the last kiss that this says goodbye to
life and I ask every day to always be able to
loving you waiting for the moment to have you
me in front.
[Music]
If the world separates, I'll stay with you.
If tomorrow doesn't dawn, I'll stay with you.
If you want me to stay, I'll stay.
with you. What do I care about things? AND
when I smile I turn away.
I am with you, with you,
with you. I will invest my life in
get excited and
[Music]
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost.
[Music]
Oh, I ask you every day that your soul be my
guide until the last kiss that breathes
this way.
And I ask every day to always be able to
loving you waiting for the moment to have you
me in front.
[Music]
I will pour my life into
illusion and
[Music]
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost
and I ask every day that your soul be my guide
until the last kiss that this says goodbye to
life.
And I ask every day to always be able to
loving you waiting for the moment to have
What's up, handsome? How is my
people? How are my people? Straight
unexpected. I didn't expect today either.
do it directly here, really, huh?
Well, let's see, let's see, let's see why
parts. I don't know if I should put a little more
light. I'm very dark, but it's that today
I feel like being quiet. The thing is
I'm exhausted, man. I'm exhausted,
family. I'm exhausted. I've been carrying all the
day out there, eh, with the family and stuff.
And well, I finally got home.
earlier than expected and the truth is that
I haven't been on Telesalseo for a few
how many during the day. With all that has happened
past with Fran, with all the issues that
I have had on the main channel, in the
sauces and in all
parts, I haven't had I haven't had time
of coming here to Telesalseo and the truth
There is news that
comment. There is news that
comment. My exclusive of those of the river no
you say it for the evening. I haven't seen it.
Fley, you gave an exclusive about the river
for the evening. Damn, well look,
You know that one of them is the uncle,
Well, they are from here, of course, one of
He is the uncle of a very good friend
mine. Confirmed artist. Well, look, well
Look, it's very good, it's very
well, that's very good. I'm not going to go to the
evening, huh?
I will try to do things in Seville
related to the evening.
some chat, some IRL may fall.
Okay, I'll see what it is what it is
what I plan, what comes to my mind,
Okay? But but I'm not going I'm not going to the
evening. You know that it is something that is not
is that I am especially called by the
attention, eh, as such, eh, not because
is wrong or anything, but because you already know
that I have short sports and also the
same day casual, casual, eh, I mean, it was
without
want. The staff invites me, but no
tell Pablo. Well, there is Pablo for
there. Do you want
talk? Would you like to have a chat in
straight?
Do you see yourself qualified to negotiate or
that? Let's see,
On the same day of the evening, I
I have a Willen Me concert at the
Starlight. One second I left
one thing back.
Wait. The same day of the evening I have
I
a Will and Me concert at the
Starlight.
And also in first
row, also in the very first line
row. I bought it as a [ __ ]
chance. Uh, it was a night that I was
Here I am browsing Instagram and I am and I am
It came out in the stories of these
advertisements that come up, that I was
looking because I say, will it be will it be a will it be
a scam or something like that?
and I bought it, I bought it in the front row,
in the front row. I mean, I'm going to see it from
[ __ ] mother. I'm going to watch it like a [ __ ] [ __ ].
And coincidentally,
It just so happens that it is the same day as the
veiled, but well, equally as as
The evening is here in Seville, so I
I imagine that the
streamers, eh, I've met up with
little princess. Okay, we'll do it, I'll teach him.
the beach of
Seville, we'll do an IRL and I don't know, I don't know,
I'll try if Setia is that I don't know who
Who can I interview, if at all?
reality h so many characters that we
interest
interview, because they have almost come
everyone, right? I don't know, really. I'll see.
what comes to mind. Something will occur to me.
There are still two months left.
I'm a little pl, huh? I have to
activate. Javi, you have to see Planeta
Lane. Bisbal comes out and he's really cool. It
I have to see it, Paquita, I have to
see, queen. I have to see it, daughter. Is
I'm not stopping, huh? It's that no
arrest. At some point I'm going to have to
slow down
of of I don't know something, I don't know what in
concrete, I don't know if direct or
video, I don't know the truth, but about something
I have to slow down, I have to
look for the formula to continue having
all three channels at full speed
machine. Um, but I don't want to die in it.
I try, huh? I mean, because I have one
torch saturation today. The truth is that
I would like the live show to be long,
Okay? I would like the live show to be
long because we have many things to do
comment, catch up on everything.
We have Antonio's macro-lawsuit
David, we have Gloria Camila and Olga
On Tele5, we have Kiko Jimnez
answering, okay? From the geeks by
there, I don't know if there is anything. Then also
It turns out that Fran tonight has
answered again, okay? So
we have things. I would like the
straight out long. What happens is that yes
that it is true that today as a day
exceptional, I hope nothing comes out in
I'm going to put the light on even warm.
Look, instead of the cold one, we're going to put
the warm light. The light and How is it
What do you call this, Pablo? What is the name of the
light? There is light, cold light and heat,
but it does have a name, doesn't it?
Warm. No, warm.
interview at the Plex evening and
ask him about his anger and how he is doing
carry. Yes, Plex has rabies
now. PL has the rage now. Yeah.
Javi, are you in Antonio's lawsuit?
Abi? Man, well I hope not,
TRUE. Well, I have all the demands already.
You know that I lose them and I have also
I found out that he is asking for 6 million and the truth is
that doesn't suit me. I hope not.
I hope not.
Well, thank goodness Pablo is here now.
here with us and we are going to do it now
win them all from now on, right?
Pablo? But well, but
Well, anger has no
healing. It depends on who you are. Usumaki,
It depends, right? Nothing is impossible in this
life.
So let's get a little up to date.
day, right? So let's put on a
a little a day. I would start with the topic of
Frank
because it has the least to do with
the rest. Then I would get into the thing about
Antonio David, with the
macro demand, some information that
have been
given. Hm. Then we will also see that
Marina interviewed Gustavo the other day
Gonzalez and I would like to see a couple of
headlines, okay? Above all, references
to the light operation, right? About
everything related to oh, which one
was? referring to God, to God Diego
Suburb. I mean, that one called me the one
attention and I want to see what happened to you,
I mean, I had no [ __ ] idea that they had
fought or had separated. AND
then Olga and Gloria Camila are in
Tele5.
Tremendous, isn't it? Tremendous, huh? how now
They are collecting cable because well, in
end, they are backing down and so on and all the
who got involved with Olga and fought with
Alexia above Kiko Jimnez responding.
Oh, I have some of the
geeks. I have some Peppa things here,
but I don't know, I don't know exactly what it is
what it is, but well, if they haven't passed if they don't
It's too late when we get to the end
We will see it too and with that we Ah,
Look, there's some of the trolls stuff too.
Well, we're all caught up, aren't we?
family? Javi, have you set a challenge of a
super chat? Host, and who gives it to me,
Isabel? I have
mistaken. I have
mistaken. I'm going to give you a surprise
today so you can see that I am a good person.
Let's see, Pablo, what surprise are you going to give me?
give?
There's a lot of ironing, Monce. What happens
that it is true
I would like, well, it's 8:30,
91. Yes, as long as we finish at 2 or 3 p.m.
1 and I'm going to bed now as a person
today. Brilliant.
I tell you, wait and see if
Someone gives me that super chat and I'll put
a new challenge, because today's challenge is
What I want is for you to give a message through the
Mother's Day to whoever you want, okay?
That is the challenge of
today. Since my birthday is on the 11th, I
I give you a gift. I'm going to give you a gift
a complaint that I will not charge you for. Come on,
I'm a Host, thanks, Pablo. Well
Thank you very much, really. Well
Thank you very much because, well, then
any of the three, whichever one
but the one that gives you the most courage, the one that
Whatever you do, Pablo, whatever you do for
passion, whatever you do out of passion. Cha,
Pablo's thoughtfulness, eh, family,
nice detail of
Pablo. The truth is that it is appreciated, it is
be grateful because
today
I don't want to tell you anything.
I, who am not a mommy, congratulate the ones from
chat. face blowing a kiss. Well, Marta.
has achieved that goal. Many
Thanks Marta. And now I'm going to put it
Okay, and I'm going to put it at 50
I don't know why I was wrong. A
kiss,
Mariana. What's up, my Enrique? How's it going?
the thing, uncle? I have to get to the
day, Enrique, with that matter. And it is that
There are a lot of topics right now, huh?
That we could try. Sunshine, darling. That
come in, pretty girl? That's it.
A kiss to all the mommies, eh. A kiss to
all the mommies in case I don't come tomorrow.
I don't know if I'll come tomorrow or not. Okay, the
that I put the
Monday. Let's see,
eh, I'm not going to, I'm not going to
I'm not going to give too many details, okay?
I'm not going to give details because they are things
that eh that they already tire me out a little and and
I don't want to do a show either because I don't
It is done neither for money nor for show.
But it is true that this week
We are taking several measures.
legal, various
youtubers. I'm not going to give any data or clues.
no information or anything. You will find out
when the months pass. Whenever you want
So let's get down to it, Enrique, to see if
because I have no idea where you are from
you stayed. The last thing I heard was the
fight you had and so on and today I'm leaving
to catch up on everything a bit, but yes
You send me that later tonight, tomorrow
I'll catch up on that, what I've seen
that there have been more things out there.
Javi, I'm mad at you because in
all your videos of Javi Oliveira say hello
only the youth and the nobility.
Dolores, it's that the kids are the
greeting, that is, that is general. Okay, now.
then
There Enrique says, "Pablo, I spoke to you
privately for one
consultation." Well, Pablo, there you have my
Friend Enrique who is speaking to you.
Okay. How many do you already have in progress?
Well, Monse, this week we have
I've put several, I'm not going to say how many,
neither how, nor why, nor what kind,
Okay? because there is a little bit of everything, but
I have put a few and others
guys, okay? Other colleagues who
You know, content creators, we have
filed a few legal actions,
Okay? To several people, okay?
Mm, well, it will come out in time.
because it is something that will come out,
obviously, okay? But that's good, now
You know we put the box because I
I was thinking of taking several
legal actions, apart from apart from
to be able to defend myself from all the blows that
They're hitting me, aren't they? And everything. It is it is
like a war. That is, for me the ones that
They put me, okay? Eh, well, it is
a bit of psychological warfare, it's a bit
try to make headlines, okay?
also,
Hey? No, no, Cris, we're not joining. They are not
has nothing to do with each other,
already
you will understand. Javi, why don't they arrive?
your demands to Laserl? No, I'm not going to
make a show of it, nor will I respond
every day to questions about that
issue. I mean, it's very simple, it's very
It's very basic. That is, he put on one
demand a year ago that had a I don't know
What a drag, Pablo
eh in court, okay? topics with the
attorney and others, eh, and the week
past another new one was put in, that is, if it is
that there is no more show than that nor am I
making videos of that or anything for that
style. That is, these are demands that I
that I think are more than obvious that
you have to put it, okay? It happens that it is
It's true that in the last few months there was
already a few things that
not that they could not afford it and that they would not
and that they do not cease, above all that they do not cease
in many years now, okay? And then
Well, a measure has been taken and then another one
a couple of a couple of legal actions that
that Pablo has posted this week are
because all kinds of things are done later
atrocities. It's just that I don't want to give you
I don't even want a clue, you know what I'm saying?
I don't even want to tell you what it is. You
You will find out in a few months or a year
or whatever, okay? But they are
atrocities that have been done by
behind, okay? Atrocities that have been
fact that they are not public and have
consequence. They have to have
consequence, but come on, of
book. So, I'll comment on it.
They are not either
people eh that the lordship knows, eh,
I mean, you will know, you have heard
surely already from so many problems and from
so many things, okay? Surely you have
heard about more than one of
they, but
[Music]
No, but it's just that, I mean, I don't
I would like to get into those things.
trials, I don't know what, I don't know how much, but
Yes, it is true that in the end you
They give you all the sticks, then everyone
The headlines that come out of yours are
negative when there are people who are
doing the same thing, you know? I mean,
I'm still going to court.
The other day I went to a trial for things
that I said in the
2019, you know? Because of things I said in the
2019, eh, and not what did I say, because the
last trial is no longer so much about what
I said, but because of what my friends said
guests on my channel, you understand?
Which is like yeah, comb your hair, what do you want?
what do I tell you? That we should have
had other expressions. Well, then
You, well, okay, that's it. Well, yes, I do.
They condemn, well, this last one is
last trial I had last week,
If they condemn me, we will appeal it.
also, you know? We are going to appeal it.
also because
It is obviously absurd. Is
absurd. Not for nothing, but because it is
absurd. I mean, if you, if you have to
sue someone, sue the one who has
having said things, even if you sue me
also, but sues the one who has it
saying. But well, it does.
anyway, nothing happens.
The usual people will celebrate it, they will take out
headlines in the newspapers of
always and us, what can I say? We
You will sweat a little, but it is true
that we are going to do some things,
right, Pablo? That's the one you
gift. Well, Pablo, I'll invite you.
here
to a little dinner at Jos's
Luis and the king. And there are other companions
what are they taking, man. Damn, I wish
to be able to tell everything, right, Pablo?
Solcotilla, a kiss, man. They have not given us
things happened this week.
I look bad, don't I? No, I'm a little
Ah, I have put the warm light, but
I look bad. I am very
tired. What happens is that we have to
put to
day, huh? I would love to be able to tell you
things, man, what happened to us this
week.
Hm. No, not just judicial ones, okay?
But it has happened to us, it has happened to us
series of things to me, Fran and Pablo
Spanish,
but not to me, to where they have to give.
Javi, I'm late.
Kiss, Ray,
very handsome.
What exactly, Pablo, I don't know if anyone
One day we will be able to tell it because I don't
It seems like a very good idea. Let's see, with
time, with time maybe yes,
because people
would people do how or rather, it is that,
Uncle, if I could tell you what happened
past, what has happened to us in
our lives
private and to the
three, you stay and say,
"Ah, what the [ __ ], this is a [ __ ]
movie.
But well, I hope you can tell us about it in
a good video. Well, a good live show.
A good live show. That's a good live,
right, Pablo? A kiss, Juan
Manuel. They die. No, no, no.
Literally, [ __ ] movie,
Hey?
[ __ ] life, huh? Many times how is the
life. What I do tell you is that and now
Let's get down to business, shall we? I
What I do tell you is that in the end Fran
you make a big deal out of things, huh?
Look, now we are going to make an extract of
precisely that it is scratched again,
answer. I just didn't give it to him, did I?
Pablo Pablo, Fran is playing tonight
to answer these people and it's like, man,
don't pay any attention at noon. It's that you
You say, when there are whole days, don't do
case at noon, but this is not
nor noon. I already explained it yesterday.
Did you see yesterday what I did with the
little drawing, right? That I did it, that I put it
on Twitter too. The graphic thing, no
about the drawing, man. Ignore
middays when there are whole days, but it is
that these are not even noon, these are
little bit of day. But Fran is very
boomer, it's like Pablo and they get mad at him
anything and they start to turn it around
and they don't shut up and I don't know what,
You know? And it's like,
Aunt, what does this matter?
people wouldn't even have to pay attention, but
he doesn't pay attention to me. He doesn't pay attention to me
my. He doesn't pay attention to me. It doesn't make me
case a
I tell him to be quiet and that
go his ball and he is a raging cascar. A
memory for all the mothers in heaven.
What a beautiful message, Sister. How beautiful
message, darling. I send you a kiss
enormous. And today I have
today I have put a
target, okay?
Of course, Javi is the most relaxed. Let's see,
It's not that I'm the most relaxed, Giorgio,
but I don't take it to, I mean, I
I turn off the computer and I don't care
almost almost little. Look, it's not that I
It matters little that they defame you and that you
slander. The good remains, the point. Other
into the air. The good remains, the other to
air. A kiss, Ray. It's not that I don't
I don't care if they slander me and so on, but
in the end
you have to at least believe that you don't
you care, okay? I don't know if that would be the one
definition, but believe that you do not
It doesn't matter if they defame you, you take the
legal measures you have to take,
You know? And enjoy the good that
you have. Enjoy the good that
have. Ah, I always say it. I
I always say it and you can refer to
any live, man. Yesterday was a
barbarity too. Yesterday, the day before yesterday,
every day an outrage. Yesterday
We did Yesterday we did two 50 challenges
super chat in the youth group.
3000 or so spectators. Us
we are fed up with
laugh. On Twitter we have been crowned, I
I don't know if you've seen it, but in
Twitter has crowned us again. 100
millions of views. 100
My Twitter has millions. 100 [ __ ]
millions. Do you want me to promote you,
Pablo? Work must be left outside
from home life. Yes, Isma, but what
What happens to some beings that
when they can't discredit you for your
work or see that they don't touch yours
work, because they try to attack life
personal and then, man, well
whether you like it or not, you
You go, you go, you capote, but in the end there is
things,
No? But as I was saying, the best
community we are family. I look very bad
the face, huh? I'm going to put on my cap,
believe. Hey, I look really bad,
true, today. I don't know if it's because I'm missing something
of rest or
that. You can promote my Only Fan.
Do you think I would sell if I had a
Only Fan, family? I am willing to do it
that it be
from Lost to Rio. I am willing
to whatever. Do you think that you think that my
Only Fan would sell?
Yes, I think I'm better today with
cap. I don't know why,
uncle. I don't know why, but today I think that
I'm better off with
cap. I broke my face with space.
Oh my goodness, huh. Do you know what happens with that?
from space?
Also, do you know what happens with the
Space? Also there was a part that was not
I put. Come on, I didn't put it because I didn't.
was recorded. Too bad. But not to me,
but one part made me laugh. I drink tea
kilo or beer.
I'm taking my monster.
Ray, why do you love me?
get drunk? Why do you love me?
get drunk?
Do you know what happened today? I was going to tell you
before. I was about to ask you a question.
video because I almost have to ask you
help, eh, this afternoon in the we have
we have eaten in it in a
restaurant. Well, I don't know if it's a
restaurant or a sale, it is half in
road. It's a parrotfish, okay?
Because my mother-in-law's family is from
over there.
Well, they don't live there, but they come from
there, okay? And then,
Well, as a tribute to grandpa, okay?
A kiss, Jum. As a tribute to grandfather,
No? And then we were there in a
restaurant and it turns out
that speaking of the teacher Simon and he gets involved
Monster to Malsalva. Man, in abundance,
no, [ __ ].
But not to me, to where they have to give.
I say for the
car and fixes with
alcohol. We had a few rum and cokes
here today watching the gossip. What I
It was necessary, huh? But not to me, where
have to give. Thanks to you, Mom.
I met Javi. A kiss to heaven, my love
red. Yes, seriously, Elena. That is
TRUE. How exciting, isn't it? Or is it
joke.
Well it turns out that it was a
restaurant, I would say it's a sale,
Okay? It turns out that there were the
kids playing, okay? Hm. You know,
The sale was full and there was a lot
of children playing there,
running around and have been found in
It's that it's field, it's not that I wouldn't know.
I was never there, to be honest.
misses a lot, but he wasn't there
never. Those of you who are from Lora del Ro,
I have seen that in the chat he said
people, I am I am There is a spring,
There is a spring, in front of it
spring there is a restaurant as well as
a sale, okay? Well, they have
found some babies
kittens, okay?
some babies
kittens and well, I wanted it
bring, it is almost every field. I take it
I wanted to bring, you know? But but not for
keep it because I already have a dog, I have
two small children, I have my head to
3 in the afternoon, but how are we going to
leave this here? No, and I say for sure.
that I'm sure I'll wear it and I'm sure that
Your Honor, someone is keeping it. EITHER
well, they are two cats, here we are thousands of
people. Two cats for sure And also
They were super small, huh? I mean, super
small ones. I don't understand, you know I don't.
I understand, not much about animals, but
come on, I would say that I would say that I had
less than a month, eh, so shaking s super
small, super small. M.
Mm. Tiki tiki meow meow.
A kiss Rossi.
What do you say, Sky?
A kiss,
Dolores. Surely his mother was there
near. Well no, because they say the one of the one
from the bar he says that
Yeah, they've been there for a while, I mean, no
I know if they had them like in a like in a
sheltered little side in case someone
wanted to. And in the end, the tables, the
the family that was at the table
next door, both of them have stayed. They have
the two of them stayed.
Hm. I say, well then I'll bring them to you.
here or I make a video. I was about to
make a video with your mobile. I say, to
Let's see if anyone offers, you know?
Someone who's not too far away from me, right?
And it has stuck. They have been left behind
both. But the mother was not there. No
I would know how to explain to you very well what it is
The girl from B told me, but
mother was not there. But not to me, where
have to give. If you send them to me in New
York, I love you. A kiss, Ray. Well
no way, I don't think so, but luckily, man, or
be it, a family next door, a family
that was next door, boom, the two of them, the
two. Mm.
But, man, it is understood that it is
understands that those two cats had
lost or something, because there were two of them
only and surely the mother, the
herd or whatever
and they would leave,
You know? Or they will have gone astray, no
I know, the truth is I don't know what it is anymore
would happen, but
Well. Ah, well, Sky, yes, well,
old, that's it, nothing happens.
That's what's being dispatched. We are here
accustomed to
all.
Well, let's go listen to what it is.
what Fran said, because today it turns out
I don't know what time this was, but
It turns out that it has been set again
to say things, that this is something with which
that I couldn't disagree more,
because I've already told you so. I say, man,
eh, this doesn't matter anymore, I mean, no
matters. Don't give him any more balls. What's happening,
Russel? Oh, come on, you're talking about
your little things, right?
Um, I think the topic is
like very chewed, don't you see?
like very chewed? That is, nobody anymore, or
be it, whoever is in a position, be it
for or against, I think that no longer
is going to move. But anyway, let's go
listen to the proposal he has made to you
Frank to his former employee. Chi
face with a kiss. Fran, light another one
cigarette. Come on,
everything is fine before him
sanctuary. Hey, I'll promote it for you. I
I promote that you are doing the
sanctuary. No, but what kind of lousy
That's what advertising is. Imagine that you
promote a mat Imagine that a
matagatos promotes your sanctuary.
That's like if a guy gets caught,
who sells food and who they say sells
rat tacos food, right? And
What happens is that many times I want to say
Pablo, we have to give him a vote of
trust in Chi. He already has the lands and
It will be the sanctuary. Frank gives him headquarters
the animals. As soon as I show where
There are lands, we all support him. TO
See, even though I don't like it,
that has
done and good, because if you have a
sanctuary and what is the sanctuary
always supports, right? That is, if you have
another sanctuary, then we will support the
sanctuary, right? And their rescues and their
moves, right? Yes, it is true that I had
the land already, huh? I mean, but that's already in
August already said that he had the
land.
I don't care that they threatened me, it's not worth it.
Cheap Excuse. Junk that is worthless
not at all a victim of anything with the
nonsense of, "Oh, it's you who sent it"
threats." I don't have time for
send anyone to threaten or to take out
private, or to take messages, or anything.
I don't have time for
that. So the thing about You only have
time to [ __ ], huh? You have sent
people to threaten Muhammad's balls
that are that big and rubbery.
But I'm not understanding this. This,
what is it?
a a
audio of these and Fran's live shows
is, that is, Fran is live. No
I understand this. Paco Cuesta slipped in
a while ago in his live the voice of
Messi Verga, who was reacting to the
own live from
Paco. Ah, I mean, that what?
He was live on the
cameras and I would be seeing some cli or lo
whatever, right? And the audio has crept in
the live. Well, we don't believe you.
nothing, Frank. I mean, we know you're lying.
You are a perfect liar. All this
what you are saying is put in
interdict. So with that same security
You said, "The spitting cobra thing is over."
It was denied." Ah, the cobra thing
spitting has been denied.
Where do I know where it has been denied that
the cobra
spitter, Javi? Frank said he didn't have
land. It was a lie. No, man,
No. How can it be a lie,
man? But let's see, if he said it in
August. In August, when we were
we there doing the collection,
He said he had a sanctuary
secondary, some
land. He hasn't shown them yet.
It's already been denied, [ __ ]. Ah, I know.
denied. It has already been denied.
Ah. Mm.
The [ __ ] spitting cobra thing
you said with the same conviction.
I'm off to bed. This bastard doesn't like me.
Do you want me to go to sleep or what, dude?
I say it very clearly because surely
Let them come out now saying that I can't do it
open because you have sent your people to
threaten. Who have I sent? TO
Who have I sent? To a lady from
here from the chat. Come on, man.
But that one is good. That is, what
you have to do it now, that is, already
part of the fight they have, that
It doesn't matter anymore, does it? They have already taken out everything
what they have to get out and have said
everything you have to say. Fran, Javi,
Do you know if it's completely sapterous? Well, no.
I know, Cris, the truth is I don't talk to him about
those
things. I've never seen him with one.
a girlfriend. Let's see, you've had friends, right?
But I don't know, I don't know to what extent it is a
relationship.
No, we really support him. Look, that
do a 24-hour live stream. Gref, Plex
and you're not going to go, but he's sure to go
laser R and such. Holy [ __ ], that's true. Good
idea, Pablo. It's true. Hey, watch out. Is
true, Paul. Well, I hadn't seen it.
So. Do you want to believe that I am so
I'm so suckling that I haven't seen him like that? Hey,
Well yes, it is
TRUE. It's true. I mean, he already has
some lands. I mean, Chi already has some
land. So let him teach them, let him teach us
show what you are doing in
those lands and then the three of these
that they also take with them and that are
so friends all go to Thailand
As I did in August with Fran, they take out
content that you
you [ __ ] and they will surely collect for
sanctuary. Damn, you're a bad guy, man.
no.
Pablo, what do you think now? The children
They start sending me the Clio. With instead
to send me Fran's clips
directly, they send it to me from the
this girl.
That I have done 1 thing wrong. I have done
bad things, but come on, you can't even
Imagine the amount of things I have
done wrong. A lot, uh, a lot.
But hey, no, no, that's good, right?
That's good. You hadn't seen it that way,
man, because of course, as nothing else is known
He talks about Fran's sanctuary and the
cats and so on, there is no talk of
those from the Chi shrine, damn. Is
TRUE. The Chi Chiw life shrine.
Fran said he hadn't done anything in
They, nor plant a tree. No, man,
Maric Carmen, I can't believe it.
that. Let's see, the girl is, let's see, it's that
the click instead of sending me this, I don't know
Who it was, I don't know if it was W or which one
It has been theirs, but they send me now,
but they've done it to me several times already,
Hey? That is, instead of sending me the click
From Fran, send me the video here
with the girl you are
background. Remind you that today's objective
It is for you to send messages to all the
mothers
publicly, but one thing does not take away the
other. That is to say, let people say, to me
Let a fat man tell me who is inside
a room glued to the chair
that we need to work harder. Well, you.
you work on what you do, eh, better or
worse, much worse, because carrying
years and not having visitors, but hey, what
I'm here all [ __ ] day doing
things, that I can sit here in the
live for an hour, two hours and it's my turn
balls to be here, you know. But to
See, I haven't followed it there. TO
See, I followed him on Instagram.
until he blocked me. At the moment
when this thing started, he blocked me.
I have nothing against him. I mean, I think
He doesn't mess with me, right? I mean,
a lot,
No. I don't think he has messed with me,
Hey? I don't know, don't listen to me, but
I think that I think that with me it has not been
involved, at least I don't remember it that way
nothing serious. He will have mocked, he will have
said something surely, but something
serious towards me. I know it's more
hooked on Pablo and Dala. I am
It's not like you know me, but
listen with amusement park and everything
it's going to be it, huh? But let's see, he
It wasn't just a joke. He in August
He said that he already had the land and that he
I was making like a sanctuary that
it was like
as
Hey, he calls you a dog. He tells me about the dog
also. It has been fully integrated.
So, no? But let's see, he said like
which had a secondary sanctuary to the
Fran's sanctuary and such.
has not taught anything yet, that is, in
their networks, me
I mean, with an amusement park, but
he has taught it, that is, he in his networks,
on his Instagram and that has made a reel with
his land, what he's doing and so on.
He calls you puppy and calls you
mercenary.
Well, that's the least we know.
dispatch this way.
Oh, you know I'm going out and all the
a while,
But I tell you, at the end of the day
Hey, the sanctuary is here, the sanctuary
is here and the animals are here. AND
I repeat
good,
to me when they show me a sanctuary
made from scratch and it's [ __ ] awesome
mother, I'll say, "Hey, tell me how you did it
done, tell me how it works for you, okay?" And
and I'm sure I'm lame. Pablo, they are going to
ban. They're going to ban you, Pablo. Uh, and
Sure, what was Paul doing there?
That they were going to ban him. I swear that
I get ideas, but for me the ideas are
spoken ones are of no use to me. I don't care
practice. They are worth it to me. The problem is
that we are living in a time in which
anyone gives their opinion, okay? of
word sanctuary and you explain it to me and I
I will understand. What are you asking me?
On WhatsApp a colleague says, "But chi
has shown the papers of his
lands." But it is not that there are no
shown the papers, it's that I don't even know
even if he has shown the lands as
such. That is, he has shown the lands,
guys. Did any of you follow him on
Instagram? I've been blocked, no.
I can look at your Instagram. Where to me?
have to give. But it is Thailand for
have it in your name. Hey, Sister, well
Well, there are formulas, right? Just like it
has had
Fran close, because he will also have his
formula of having it, but he has
taught his land. Hey, look, here
I'm showing my sanctuary, here goes my
house, here the parrots will go. Good day
to all mothers. That is. The objective
Today is for you to send a message to
all mothers. He has never taught them.
But hey, but it is but I don't understand that.
If he, he, in August already said that about
sanctuary. Now what I should do is
take advantage of the virality it has,
No? And the others and the others travel
over there and do a 24 hour thing and stuff like that
things and
help him. Damn, I went there to
Thailand two
times.
Don't you believe that the others
would travel with
he? But of course, Merchi, 24 months, damn.
Eh, there are many things that can be
improve in the sanctuary. Yes, ISO IRL
from there on kick is saying Simon.
Hey,
careful. There are people who are saying that
Yeah,
eh, that on his kick channel
did. And why don't you teach it?
further? And why don't you show it more?
Well, let's see if you accept it.
Fran's proposal, which Fran has said that
Yes, he does have a sanctuary and such,
that Fran sends him animals.
There are many things that can be done
better. Yes, there are things that go away
improving. Well he also did IRL in the
forest park, right? But about the park
forest, that is the park to which
we have gone when we have been
there, that I was also, that was
when I got a feeling I got a little
itching with some plants, do you
do you remember? that's where they were
bats and
That's what the forest park showed.
But look, he has a sanctuary, he
that has been said by a lot of people
times, your sanctuary has taught it.
That is, Fran when he bought the sanctuary
He showed the papers, look at my sanctuary,
I don't know what, eh, we have to put the
fence. made a PayPal for the fence,
Hey? Then he showed, look, here goes the
lake, here goes this, here goes that,
then expanded the
land. Giorgio, Georgio,
but not to me, where they have to Georgio
travels to Mexico Paz is confused
face twisting with laughter. He gives her
puppy. Hey, listen to me. Well, they could.
stick a little dog over there, huh?
But he didn't show anything, Javi. Ha, but me
I thought it was a fact. Clear.
Well, that's it. Well, let's see if
accepts the proposal of
Fran. The sanctuary he showed was not
his. He said he had rented the
land. But let's see, he takes
since August saying that he had a
sanctuary as a secondary to Fran
also. You are obviously seeing a
wall with a stopped echo. I don't think so.
Holy [ __ ], this has stopped. Forgive me. Hey,
Of course things can be improved
the in the in the sanctuary. They can be
improve many things all the time and
will try to improve and it is attempted that it does not
misfortunes happen and well, eh, they're gone
improving as time goes by
time, but here people think that
We are millionaires, he says, "No, it's that
earns I don't know how much a month." Yes, but
see, one thing that people don't understand
It's that you when you work and when you do
things is your job, if you are a streamer
and from no one or to no one in particular.
I mean, who is the son of a [ __ ] who
has sent this click? He sends me the
click, instead of sending me the click of
Fran, send me the click of the girl
this one, okay? And now when is he going to speak?
the cut, that is, and does not put it, removes it,
You know? It's like, well, okay, but not to
me, where they have to give. Happy Mother's Day
the mother of all in thicken to my mommy.
Pretty. A kiss, Elen.
I neither interfere in their private life, nor do I take
messages, I don't take audios, I don't take
videos, I don't even take anything out, because life
private of a person is sacred. The
a person's private life is sacred.
And when you talk about the audios, but now
It's not that life is sacred, it's that it isn't
It makes no sense, man. Eh, I do.
audios would have been only about
topic of management
sanctuary would have been equally a
dirty, but oh well, it would be half
justified, isn't it? What is it about?
sanctuary theme. But the thing is that
that they are private issues is that it does not have
sense. And it was also the first thing that
He brought up, uh, the private topics that are like
and what do you want, that is, what for?
that's not coming
You receive a message from a friend or a
friend or your mother or your aunt or your
cousin, that message has to be
sacred. The moment you start to
show private messages, because it is very
well, it's great. But today I was
thinking that I don't wish anyone,
but to no one, no one, not even my worst
enemy to do to him what they have done to us
told to us because it has been a
derision. And I repeat, I can do things
fatal, I can do very things
evil. But there is a very good artist
called Kerry with
Piturrn.
Piturrn, go away. No, I almost ate it,
Hey?
Well, I almost ate it, didn't I? I have it
swallowed a bit, didn't you? But why?
These people offered themselves to journalists and neither
a [ __ ] journalist? Pablo says, Frank tells him
gives away a puppy and Simon gives him two
chickens, bastard. He wanted to do it. Because
Arrabal didn't want to do it? Because
early did not want to do it? And I say no more
names because the other names have not
gone public. And look, Carrabal is not
our best friend, huh?
And of course, he didn't want to do it.
public because it doesn't make sense, that is,
that you're going to get into
that. I mean, why? Well, for some reason
reason. Why many streamers said
no?
Why start doing that thing of releasing audios?
of life
intimate, what he did was what they did
with that is to do eh to hurt oneself
themselves because at that moment that
they began to take things out of life
private, far from putting people in
against Fran, he put people in
against them.
I mean, if they had done it the same way
another way, imagine, hey, look, I
I strongly disagree with how
Fran manages the sanctuary and takes and the
First day doing that podcast, right?
The first live show they do, they haven't done
I don't even know how many anymore, right? But the first
direct, well look, I came to report
this, this and this and this without need
nor to show audio, but to
better some capture, some proof,
No? Look, this is what is done.
so and this is very bad and this is like this,
You know? But the theme of the sanctuary, the theme of
animals, but subject of subject of the
sex life.
The land is already there. Now it is
installing the slides and swings of the
amusement park. Already available
three main little animals. M, L, R.
No, not that, Pilia, not that. Pillar,
man. I mean, that's how it is.
That now they are all going to be put on
streamers. No, I was listening today
to the people of the gathering for a while and
Basically I suddenly, well, I was the
host, it was the host. I mean, it's like
that I present a paper that says that I have
been ill with Mayodysplasia or no longer
they believe it. No longer, no longer, no. Today I said
The stutterer says, "I don't believe myself anymore."
nothing." Well, very well, Stuttering, I
looks very good. I'm just saying that some
day, hey, well I would take it into account
Stutter's opinion, huh? Some day,
Hey, you'll realize what happened.
here. I wonder if a fish gave each
Spanish. Isa, what's up?
gorgeous? Where they have to give. A
big hug. Special day tomorrow,
Hey, Isa, someday. Excellent.
I mean, I just say that and of course,
what the [ __ ] happened.
Hey, it's a good time to do
cleaning.
A very good time to clean up.
I tell you, eh, I guess there will be more to come
[ __ ] and they will release more [ __ ]
and they will be like this. And they'll be like this, okay?
Because it will be another
complaint. It's not a question of showing
papers, there are many things that are
very private and that seems to me a
ridiculousness. It seems ridiculous to me. Hey,
says R, "But they have talked about issues
sexual too, R." The first thing that
What they did was take out private things
sexual. What if a photo of a dove in
the car kissing a girl, what if
an alleged video call from someone with
Fran and they put there a recognizable one
girl from 10 years ago in the life of
Fran. You know? An intimate photo, I don't know, or
that is, intimate audios of relationships that
It doesn't make sense. Javi, I'll give you one
cat for the new sanctuary. A kiss,
Laugh.
I give him a
cat. Of course, the first thing that
What they did was go for things
personal, that is, and then they started that
Yes, yes, surely in the sanctuary
have done sexual things with the
animals, which have done things
sexual relations with minors. That was the first thing
and they threw the people into
against. The last thing that the last thing that they have
The thing about cats has been taken out,
dogs, I don't know what, eh, you know? But his
priority was to expose the intimate life of
Fran. Of course, they threw people in
against because whether you like it or not,
man. Humans have some
codes, do you understand me? One thing is
that you show a screenshot
from someone who is lying about you and
You deny it, but it is not something
intimate or something related to it
sanctuary. Okay, well, but the thing about the
sexual life is that there is no way
pick it up.
Things are shown at every moment and
when and when it is needed for things
legal and for stories, but it seems to me
a ridiculous thing, something I've heard
in the discussion, eh, it seems to me a
ridiculousness. That is to say, that well, it gives
same, it doesn't matter. I, I know that now
same 90% of all these people who
before he sucked my ass now he knows
They are going to oppose me, which I understand,
Hey, I understand, I understand.
because because with everything that has come out
I'm a son of a [ __ ], literally. It
I understand, but of course, I'm a son of a [ __ ]
[ __ ] for anyone who lives one
different life than the one that is lived, eh?
the one we live here, okay? But and
respectful to the sense that he hears, they are
creating content well, they are starting
very good, really. There was one of
They started off really well, okay? One of
they started very well. What happens is
that has gone away, has gone away, has gone away
has been a lot, but there is one, there is one of
those who started all this that the truth
It started well, they were, obviously
they were leaking information
directly and it started very well and I
Well, you can fight with a streamer,
You can debate, you can do that, but that's it.
when they started with media hype
and when they started to obviously here there is
a hatred, there is a very great hatred here
towards Paloma.
Ah, there is a very big hatred towards the dove.
There is a very big hatred towards the dove.
Okay, uh, no, don't say names because
no need to mention names, that is,
everyone here already knows who he is,
but there is a very great hatred towards her and
I think they are going to go for it this week
She, they're going to go after the dwarves, she'll come out
one more thing of mine that I've [ __ ]
a duck or anything, but but
really, there is hate, there is hate
very big and that shows eh shows
many things. Yes, what a pity. we have to
prepare many things,
eh, many, many things and the truth is
No, it's not hate, it's jealousy. It is that the
Hate is a hate is a conglomerate
of many facets of the
person, okay? Hate is full of
envy, is full of uselessness, is
full of incapacity. Hey, you when
you hate is because you are inferior. You
you don't hate because you are superior. You hate
to the one who killed your brother because
you are at a disadvantage. Yeah
You hate someone just because, he hasn't
done nothing because you are a person.
I honestly didn't do it anymore.
case neither case, nor more case. I mean, I already
What I would say to Fran would be, do the
normal everyday content, as if
nothing was happening. And it is that neither
don't look at it, don't even look at it, man. Don't even look at what
are saying, don't even look at what they are saying
taking out, because for them it is a
content, you know? They don't know how to do it
something else, right? They're not going to do a
video of another topic, you know? Yes, I have it.
explained that. So let it be
be there saying whatever you want
ignore it. I mean, in the end, people
you have to talk about the relevant people,
They are not going to talk about what I tell you
I. Well, let's see, in parts, before
let's see what's going on with the thing about the thing about the
macro demand of Antonio David Flores,
If I tell you the truth, I already know this.
I had my doubts that it was going to arrive,
Hey? I mean, I've come to think that
no, there weren't going to be any more actions
legal for the issue that is already
condemned, right? He was condemned for honor
also in that lawsuit that was about the
issue of unfair dismissal. So,
Well, if the lawyer Antonio Av
decided to take these legal measures,
Well, it's because he will have seen it
viable. The court keeps its distance, okay?
About this I have to say one thing,
Okay?
I caught eh part of this news, part of
This information holder has
taken out 20 minutes today, the newspaper 20
minutes and in some media it says, "The
investigating court number one of
Malaga admits the macro-lawsuit for processing
by Antonio David." Well, but it is that
fact in some media they call it
macro-complaint, but of course, the court
distance I have corrected it because I
Juango Ospina spoke to me and said,
"Brother, eh, court of inquiry no
It could be a lawsuit." That is, in
instruction that is a penalty and this is
a lawsuit. If it is a demand it will be the
instance. Of course, I totally understand,
I've changed on all my networks, right? AND
I understand that it will be the court of
number one distance in Malaga and admits
already in process, that is, this is already there, eh
surely reaching those involved.
In fact, I thought I heard
Marina today say something like that
some of the defendants are already
The demands are starting to come in, aren't they?
And it has called me a lot
attention that
ask
6.67
millions of
euros. It seems like an outrage to me.
It seems like an outrage to me,
uncle. I mean, I don't know if this is the
sum of a lot of people, right? I mean,
It is a demand to many people and and as
It is a demand to many people for the
compensation for all, as it comes to be
five com tal. But this is a
barbarity. That is, if I lose it, that
I don't think so, do you? But you never know
a gamer, huh? And as I lose it,
At the end of this, turn off and let's go.
Hey, turn it off. Let's go. Uh, I don't know.
how it will go. Let's take a look at the
Diego Garraval's video, which was the one that
gave the
exclusive. Those are
Wait and see, it's not a matter of marking the minute, eh,
sorry. April 8th in the
first court
instance of Malaga.
We have all the data, distance, what
you see? We have who has sued, how
has demanded, but above all how much
asks. We are talking about a lot
money. I'm going to tell you. To me 6
millions. Let's see, maybe they are,
Sure, maybe it's 5 million. Well,
There are six of them, so to speak, right? 5 and
half. What's up, my beautiful tesa? Clear,
It's that maybe it's because we are
talking about the chain being sued
plus the producer plus I don't know how many
presenters, I don't know how many
collaborators and then among all the
that asks of each one, then add that up
because one asks for 30, another asks for
40, I don't know, but it's a lot, right?
By
example, defendant Mar Gir.
This one has said things
also. This one said
things. Second defendant or in this case
defendant, Carlota
Slide. This is clear, that is, this
Let's see, I have it by heart now.
The same thing comes to my mind,
example, the comparison with Jos Bretn.
Carlota Corredera. Come on, eh, the
Carlota Corredera's timing has to
be what it has to be, come on, what
It has to be the timing for Carlota
Slide.
Third, Jorge Javier Vzquez.
Jorge has called him an abuser in a
lots of opportunities.
And Margiro was a guest in some
programs. It's true, Margiro was on
collaborator in the second, I think. Clear,
This demand is for everything. This
demand is of
all. It's true. It's true.
Margiro fourth. Peln R.
Pelen
r. I don't remember what each one said anymore
one, huh? That is, it has been 4
years. This, you know what he did, right?
What Antonio's lawyer has done
David has been taking minutes and when he has
been on the deadline that has been
March 21, when it is on the date
limit of prescribing things, because there
has presented it. Okay.
Fifth, Roco
Carrasco. Sixth,
Oscar. Daniel's will arrive soon.
Sancho. It's true, he wasn't going to sue me.
Daniel Sancho. Christopher, good
memory. It's true, two years ago
They released some exclusives, right? That we
Daniel was going to sue
Sancho. It's true, it's true. And so
These people defended those of Troy and
others, do you remember? Well, very well, that
sue Javi. Anything that is against
Javi.
Cornejo, seventh. It's clear. Adrian
Madrid. Of course
[Music]
clear. Isabel
Rabago. Isabel Rbago, uncle. Ought
know well what you say and what
No. You should know well what you say and what you
no.
Let's see, apart from that, it's not being there.
according to the opinion that there is
she had regarding the subject,
hm, like
for how
to sue her, it doesn't sound familiar to me now
same. Nothing comes to mind,
the truth.
Paloma Garca
Pelayo,
Tribio. No, this one, but it's nicotinic,
come on, this nicotisa,
Hey? This nicotine. The timing of this
It has to be, that is, this is what it has
treated as an abuser, but convicted,
Hey? This has been treated by this element,
eh, who always does the same thing with con
men
innocent,
Hey, he treated him like a man.
condemned, eh, criticizing the judges
for not having done his job well, no
I know what, I don't know how much. It's not even listed, huh?
Where is the money I am missing,
Black? What's happening?
Where is the money?
Happy day to my future mothers-in-law, sweetheart
red, praying hands. A kiss, friend.
Good night, Dolore. How are you doing,
Monse
Suarez? Holy [ __ ], this is it. Well, then
Look, this one comes to mind,
for example, when he said that as
Antonio David had not gotten to go to
trial, as his case had not reached
trial, this is a lawyer on top of that, huh?
That says, eh, that he wasn't innocent, no.
had been declared
innocent. Innocent is not until he
This one said, you know what she said, eh, she said,
"Antonio
Avi Roco Carrasco for false accusation and
I won it."
I mean, you're freaking out about the clown act that
He said, which is like, well, let's see, I
they can
to report and I win that complaint and that
It does not mean that it is a complaint
false. Because? Because the other part me
He has denounced it because he considered that
had the right to do it, but well, the
judges have later considered that no
You know. Well, there are people who take it for granted
fact that all the complaints that are
They lose because they are false accusations,
No? Man, false accusations are not
that. Kiko Hernndez
This one called her an abuser, but
come on, without cutting a hair 500 times.
Come on, Maria.
Patio.
It is also said that he is an abuser,
of vicarious violence. There's a click, huh?
of her in There is a there is a night
presenting her Operation Light. Oh,
light operation. Operation light it
that they have and save me from and this said it
I have not learned what it is
vicarious violence and that Antonavi is
guilty of vicarious violence, I don't know
that.
But it wasn't even listed, eh, this one
demand nor quoted. Eh, let's see, I don't
I think Antonia Vilaya is going to lose. He
topic of the things we are talking about,
Obviously, if you lose it, eh, you
ruined, eh, ruined for life with
the issue of costs, Antonio David,
but I don't think there's a way to
lose it, eh, the truth. I know that I
You tell me that everything they have done
These people, the business is great, right?
Because this has given a lot of money and
the accusation of so many crimes, uncle. EITHER
well, you tell me, you tell me that Anton doesn't
wins
this, we leave the country,
Hey? Tribio is not getting out of this. The thing is
I'm already in the trials, really not
I give nothing
for won, for lost never. is
that you can find anything,
uncle. And what's more, what a judge thinks is that
Yes, another thinks not. Remember, for
example, from my judgment. In a first
[ __ ] awesome instance, the judge saw it
very clear and then came the hearing
provincial and gave another opinion
thing, not quite the opposite, but a little
different, you know?
So, of course, the impact that
had this, man, I don't know, I don't think so
There is a way, but come on, no way.
shape. Bethlehem, is there anyone who
free? There will be some who will escape. Clear,
Stephen.
Well, this Beln Esteban has
rectified. I saw this click that I
They sent this guy throwing [ __ ] at
Diegoando due to a mistake by Diego Rabal.
Hey, yesterday Diego talked about the lawsuit
millionaire Antonio Flores against
Mediaset. Unexpected rectification of
Diego Garraval. This is already over
signal a teammate to throw to,
No? Against the people who collaborated
in the documentary by Roco Carrasco and
made a mistake. He made a mistake
appoint Beln Esteban. He committed a
mistake of naming Beln Esteban. I mean,
instead of just picking up and saying, talk about the topic,
No? Well, point out the other's mistake.
So, of course, all the media
They started talking about Esteban
reported, as you are seeing, the
Ibiza diary, the reason,
Hey, because Diego is here, he'll be fine.
of visits, right? Things are going well for him and
to this 500 visits in 32 minutes. Mother
My, that's bleeding, huh?
[Music]
Mediaset Spain.
Very clear, very clear. Okay, it is
very clear. As a society.
This
very clear. There are many more. We could
be
So. We could be like this. Well say it, no
hours, but 40 minutes.
The cap only gives credit for criticism.
No, no, that's right, eh, that's right. Eh, eh, but
He did that because last week
He was accusing Diego of having
removed I don't know what information according to him.
Okay, Diego ignores him and everything.
the world ignores him. is with 800
spectators and and has taken and has
took advantage of this error that also you
I mean, I don't know how Diego, I don't know why
what went wrong in this. Yes yes
He has the demand, right? Or or
does not have the demand physically, but
that they have sent you the information
quietly. These
They are the vast majority, aren't they?, of the demand
presented by Antonio David Flores on
last April 8th in the court of
first instance.
from Malaga. But of course, everyone
question, everyone asks.
Man, of course, Marta, I think Alba
Garrillo does fall, right? And how much do you ask for?
Antonio David Flores? TO
see, calculate the damage that you
have been able to do is practically
impossible.
And besides, you're not going to do it.
compensate. Let's see, in the end this is it
money. Because? Because there is no other
way, there is no other way to pray.
It is understood that you owe me money
because you have damaged my image,
No? But come on, this is a
civil. That is, Antony David is not here.
denouncing slander, is not
reporting some harassment, for a
crime, he's a civilian, okay? Is
Basically, we have already talked a lot
times of what is a procedure of
these civilians. This is basically eh me
You've done damage to the image, okay? me
you have damaged my reputation,
you owe money. You have to compose it with
money. So, as as
It's also a really cool, frigenti theme.
pull, eh, as well as eh makes a topic s
super media with a lot of a lot of
repercussion, yes, because I understand that it will be
a lot of money, but not me. Thank you,
Olga. Happy Mother's Day to all mothers.
A kiss, Olga. Remind you all that the
Today's goal is to congratulate the day
from the mother, okay? So that you put a
nice little message there. There the only thing
What can be done is to extract data from the
advertisements, from which television earned
eh Tel5. Eh, that's the only thing you can do.
to do because the damage has already been done. He
damage is irreparable no matter how much money you spend
give it to him, but the amount is, that is,
They can give you money, but even if they give you
money,
No. All tweets are verified and
involved in the lawsuit
also. Hey, the Indian, do you think that
will there be any video of me?
Do you think there will be change,
a very big one
amount that I am going to give you
now more than
cattle. I think Telesco is going to arrive
to an agreement with him. Sure, but it would be
a little weird, isn't it? That is, if Tele5 arrives
to an agreement with
He, there will be a cameo, right, Indio? Yeah
Tele5 reaches an agreement with him, h, in
What place does this leave for the rest of the defendants?
No, I mean, you, well, you can
withdraw the lawsuit from one party and
leave it to whoever you want,
No? Mm. But of course, it would take weight off,
No? It would take a little weight off, wouldn't it?
Well, if you feel
violated, but of course, it is still a
economic agreement in some form.
So, mm, that's it.
will decide. That's it already.
will decide. TO
See, Marina has said
more than not because maybe, but that
This has only just begun and
you have to learn and have a great day
marvelous. And well, that's it. I have to
my grandmother who is my other mother. I
I have always said that I have two arms. No
It is, I want to clarify, the live of
yesterday. Okay, Marina has said some
more names. Okay, now. Okay. First of all
place, eh, I think I can say now that
Alexia Rivas is not here, I want to clarify,
Alexia Rivas is not being sued, no.
It is in this lawsuit, eh documentary,
Okay? It's not on this list. I love you
clarify, rectify that,
but someone who is on this list
official of this demand macrodemand
admitted for processing and that we have not said
yesterday and that you can now put it well in
big, I don't know if it has arrived yet
demand, but it is in this
list is Kque Calleja.
Quique Calleja. What did Kque say?
Lane?
Quique
Calleja I know there are some colleagues
that they have already received it
demand, others do not. Mm.
Eh, regardless of this list that
will be released in full in a matter of weeks.
Yes, yes, yes, yes. Diego also rectified
with Bethlehem. Yes, yes, but not to me, to
where they have to give that challenge. Kiss,
Manu, up. Kiss,
[Music]
heart. Well, we will be on the lookout.
more
news. I imagine that during the
week and we will have more information.
Let's see, I wanted to catch up too.
What happened to you, Indian, with this?
girl? So it turns out that you have
blocked this
girl. Anna
Gurgi. I don't know if you see the tweet, okay?
This is a tweet from Anna Gurgi. This
was the one we were reacting to
another day, right? That said all that nonsense
that he doesn't see that he works at Carlota's
Slide. What was this that he said?
Roco Carrasco had won a lawsuit
to Gloria Camila for slander, right? Said
something like that. And what does it say here?
girl? And Beto is getting up
subtly. We will see Antonio David
coming soon on Friday. Don't have
tests, but neither
doubts. And Lindio says to him, "Respect yourself a bit."
a little, the other day you only needed
eat your snouts and drool with it
misogynist Kiko Hernndez. stop
point out feminist women
selective and has blocked it.
[Music]
Look, Ana Burg, come with me. Come, come,
come, come, come, come, we're going. It's that I
It's so embarrassing that I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it
we have to invite him to this. Let's go
see. You are Macoque and I am, how do you know?
calls? Gonzalo. Gonzalo. Okay, come on,
come. You're on the island, okay?
Come on. Gonzalo. Gonzalo, do you see me okay?
I love you, I love you, I love you. Me
I would throw away the TV to eat you with
potatoes. I eat you, I eat you, I eat you, I eat you
I want, I want you, I want you. Gonzalo,
Gonzalo. Oh, how pretty, how pretty, what
beautiful, how beautiful, how beautiful you are
wanna. You need, you need me
It was a night that made you cringe, wasn't it? The hand
right slide. Eat the TV.
I'm going to eat TV with potatoes. Tea
wanna. I didn't realize what you
wanted to. If there were no night, no
[Music]
what a cringe. Noa.
You have become a lover and rose of the moon.
Let's see. Come on, go on. Oh, please. This has
been more fun. This has been more
funnier than yours. What characters
are. What characters are they? But well, very
Well, Indio, you've blocked yourself, you deserved it.
you got it. Olga Moreno says that in 25
years is the first time that it coincides with
Gloria Camila. Okay, so this has been
at a party. What is not clear to me
It's because of course, Gloria Camila is
collaborator, no longer permanent, but Olga
Is Moreno a collaborator or has she only
been an interview. Okay, here they are.
had therefore as a confrontation the
two with Alesia. Let's see some
extracts.
You can come to understand what
They have been speaking ill of Gloria for 4 years.
and
Now, but I'll tell you one thing. Clear,
because these people, those who defend
Roso
Carrasco, those who defend Roco
Carrasco, without
However, they defend Kiko Hernndez. Oh,
to Kiko Hernndez. Well, yes, to Kiko
Hernndez too, but to Kiko Jimnez.
In the case of, look at you, eh, how they are
These people, eh, what are the factions.
In the issue of Roco Carrasco they defend
Roco Carrasco, but nevertheless in the
Gloria's theme
Camila, Olga is also a collaborator. In
the theme of Gloria Camila defends
Kiko. Does he send eggs or does he not send eggs?
that? Is that crazy or not?
So, how do you see it?
Little potelita, little sailor
little potelita. But I tell you one thing, you
you can come to understand what they carry
four. It's the same clip.
You can come to understand what
They have been speaking ill of Gloria for 4 years
and
now answer of course it seems wrong.
But I'll tell you one thing, okay? are
making as the analogy for what
because of Roseo Carrasco, right? That
After so many years he has answered.
Don't you think that if you, for example,
You sit down on a Friday and take out Kiko
to bring out, you put it as you don't leave
talk? You go out and say this about Kiko,
Kiko the other thing, I have reported him for this,
For the other part, don't you think that Kiko has
right to defend oneself?
What balls,
No? What balls, huh? Not this.
Let's see, let's see, let's see, listen to this,
listen to this, listen to this. Uncle, right?
Do you think that if you, for example, sit down
on a Friday and you take Kiko out
shine, you put it like you don't let him speak?
You go out and say this about Kiko, this about Kiko.
another, I have reported him for this, for
other. Don't you think Kiko has the right to
fend? Javi, has Kiko Jimnez
sentence, right? Just like neither does it
has Antonio David, but if he has one
The right to defend himself was also held by the
other. I mean, to the other one, to the other one, eh?
they condemned, that is, they condemned the other one
when the procedures were over
judicial that the other lost. I mean, no
has
sense. If each Spaniard were to give a peso
It is that it does not make sense because they are
very similar cases.
Happy day to all mothers and
super rocks two hearts. A kiss,
Pili. In other words, Kiko Jimnez lives by talking.
Gloria's disease
Camila has said everything about Gloria
Camila and Gloria Camila has spoken out
Well, very little like this from time to time,
as Roso Carrasco did from time to time
from a friend, through a friend
also from time to time, but they are cases
very similar. The famous one, the one that is
famous and the one who talks about her. Now
Well, that's gender violence,
man. Well, the law at the moment says that
No. Why do we condemn one and the other?
and not the other one?
Because they are the sides, that is, it doesn't have
sense. That is, if Roco Carrasco is
up to a guy's [ __ ] because he's wearing
all my life I've been making money, talking
evil of
she will then agree, she will be
in favor of his sister in Kiko's case
Jimenez, right? Why Roso Carrasco
Do you have a good relationship with Kiko Jimnez?
And I would say that even Kiko Jimnez
He has disrespected Gloria even more
Camila that Antonio Ava Roso Carrasco.
Kiko Jimnez even put some
private audios. No, it is not reported
because he put some audios in
Save me. It's not that we either think one thing or another.
thing or we think the
other. Either we think one thing or we think
the other. I think they are all very good.
the opinions, right? Well, I'm of
I agree with Roco Carrasco on this. I in
the case of Antonio David Roco Carrasco
support for Roco Carrasco. [ __ ] awesome.
So, in the case of Gloria Camila and
Kiko, do you support Gloria Camila? No no,
no no. In the case of Gloria Camila,
support for Kiko. Man, but then you
what you defend does not have no
has
logic because you are my moment that
I too can talk about my life. But
is that But you can understand that,
Alia. You can come to understand what
They have been speaking ill of Gloria for 4 years.
and now that Gloria answers
Of course it seems bad to you, it seems good to you if it
Roso Carrasco does. Let's see, Mrs. Alexia.
up sinking Alga Moreno without
to get disheveled. Damn, but they have
big balls, huh?
and went after Gloria's father
humiliating him. Man, I've seen Kiko.
I've been more disrespectful than Antonio.
David, huh? I mean, to me they seem like cases
very similar,
No? Javi, are you seriously saying that Kiko has
disrespected more than Antonio
David? Kiko has made fun of it, he has
chased the father in person with the
micro, as they are saying. To me
They seem to be cases that are very similar in
other times, in other times. eh another one
number of years, but at
final, that is, don't you think that if you
you are against Antonio David in one
in a
case, let's see, the case to what
Roco Carrasco calls out gender violence
is that the ex-husband that the ex-husband
is speaking ill of her, crushing her
in the
televisions. That's what she calls it
violence of
gender. nor is it gender violence one,
nor is it gender violence
other. Same concept, but difference
there are many. Yes, yes, there will be many
differences between one and the other, some
worst things about Kiko and other things
Antonio Avil's worst, but in the end
They are similar cases, aren't they? What is known
criticism of one and the other,
No? Kiko has been very disrespectful,
but the damage that Antonio David has done
it is not comparable. Let's see, Rosaca.
If you don't believe the suicide attempt
by Roco Carrasco, why don't you believe?
that Gloria Camila suffered a
anoresia? Either one or the other. I mean, what?
What do we think? Depending on who they are
protagonists or of the events.
Because I on the subject of Gloria and Kiko,
Well, I like Gloria better than Kiko,
But honestly, from what he says
Gloria Camila, well I don't consider it
gender violence. I consider
Well, he has a note there attached to his
fame, just like Roso Carrasco, Antonio
Avi. I mean, to me, the truth is what
Antonio Av does what he has done, then
It has never seemed like violence to me
gender. That doesn't mean I look like you.
He's a guy who's always talking.
of her and rising to fame
she. Read me below. I believe in the
two. Okay, Rosaca. Well, if you believe it
both, I am
perfectly
I agree with your opinion. whom
I don't believe they are the people who in a
theme because the protagonist Roso
Carrasco are on her side and in the
another topic because the protagonist Gloria
Camila is on each other's side. No,
man, no, it doesn't make sense.
I'll tell you why I gave my
opinion. For example, outside I saw that I didn't
I could see inside, that you stole from your
best friend, who was Melissa. His
reward was Nutella or for example
I saw how Lara Saagen, who was a very good friend,
because you criticized her. But look, you
I say one thing, I am very happy to
that you are here. I want to give you the
welcome as a companion. I don't know how
we are going to take now and it is true that
I'm surprised because you said you didn't
You felt comfortable on television and now
I see you around every plate. Oh well,
since she doesn't say, it's true, Olga always
He said he didn't like it,
Hey? But what are you saying, Javi? Nothing that
see. So, Beln Esteban, what?
Beln Esteban is another Antonio David.
I have a video on the main channel
Comparing the case of Antonio David and
Beln Esteban and that is what
same. What happens is that since she is a woman
the one that does it, because Tele5 seems not to
you see it the same, but it is the same. I mean,
Beln Esteban has started to turn green
even to his partner
ex. Beln Esteban has started to put
green to your ex's partner.
The truth, but tell the truth, I don't
I feel like talking about the people, about the
other people's family, but I do
love the survivor show. Me
I will sit here. Well look, we have something in
common because I love it
television, so we're already onto something
in common. Man, Olga said that she didn't
I liked TV. We have talked about that.
Here many times, we cannot say
now the opposite. Let's see how it goes. Never
I would get along with Alexia for everything
who has spoken about me. But you are
resentful, but I'm not. And I give
opportunities that when we expose ourselves
On television we have to endure
that others have their opinion and can
respond and that's what I've done
always with education. You were never lacking
to the res. You can talk about the robberies of
Anita because you also stole in
survivors. I can speak one thing in
how many months have you been left with?
four answers. Hey, but she doesn't
You need a lawyer, huh? He's giving it his all
Alia, huh? But he likes them
hurdeles, man. Of course, I understand that already
It is not a matter of taste, but also of
what there is. What is it about?
there is. If you don't like TV, it has you.
that like. That you are always very
kept quiet and now you come to defend her.
That Gloria knows how to defend herself
alone. It seems to me that she has been very quiet,
but let's go together
Well, it's been a real grind, huh? He has given cane
the girl is here, huh? I don't know if I should watch it from
Gustavo. Wait, let's see
first. Let's see a little. These are
old clicks. I had it marked here,
but I don't think we're going to see it. Let's go
see a little about Friday. The problem
What I have with Friday is that this
People are really annoying about this topic.
copyright. We will try to make us
jump, right? Let's put it here
a little filter, right? And I'm going to put myself
this way too.
Another little filter like this, let's see if that way we
jump, okay? To listen at least
what has happened, because of course,
after Gloria's interview
Camila, it turns out that we already have
to Aldn, which you already know has been done
reincorporating little by little, and we have
Kiko Jimnez. The interview that Gloria
Camila gave last Friday in this
program has reopened old wounds.
It seems so repetitive to me to talk about
things eh always that is the same, that is,
once again return to addressing old issues
That? How long have Gloria been here?
Camila and Kiko?
Where are we from and who are we? She is
is the wife of or ex-wife of
and Ana Mara Aldn is a bit of a
little the same as Kiko, the same as
Antonio David,
No? What happens is that it is true
that Ana Mara Don has respected a little
more, right? Of course, we do not grant it to him,
No? We agree on that or we don't.
We do take into account that it is the
my brother's mother and for which reason
deserves respect. Well, well, well,
well, well. Wait, wait, wait.
No, no, no, wait, wait, wait. HE
It just came to my mind that Anar
Don hinted at some things about Ortegacano
He also hinted at a few things,
Hey? Do you remember?
that? And I consider that she has not
had at the same level.
I get fully involved in that relationship and
I live with a lot of love. It's over
a Javi, comparing the sliding thing
with Bretn it was the best. No, but it wasn't
hills. There were worse things 100%. 3 of
July, a Wednesday, the next day already
I was with Sofia. It affected me too much.
I think I fell in love with a person
that had sheepskin and in the end
Well, I was confused, I was wrong.
These are things from Kiko Jimnez and Ana Mara
Aldn responds to Gloria
Camila. So they have gone to
program and you
They even gave Kiko his license, right? You
They even gave Kiko his license
Jimenez. As you can see, I was there.
working on Slvame in a program that
there were every day during the week.
5 hours a day.
The whole public knows it. Thank you. You
They draw attention when they mention the
Slvame program, eh, still, eh, to
times
the whole public knows it. Thank you. Crash
much that later he wants to accuse me of
having caused him that which he does not have
no sense when this is regarding
that Gloria Camila blames him. This
We talked about this years ago, didn't we? From a
anorexia nervosa. Okay? And pay attention to what
as Kiko Jimnez says. It is very shocking that
then he wants to accuse me of having
caused that, which has no
sense when it hurts you
[ __ ] me. As he has returned,
Man, they have balls that don't
you see, huh? After 3 years of referring to me
with lies, that's why I come shocked,
uncle. They have tremendous balls, don't they?
And well, eh today Kiko, both Kiko and
Sofia, well they have been on the program
party also commenting a little on
yesterday's interview. Yes, I'll do it again and
I repeat it. Let's listen to see what
they have said, haven't they? Kiko Jimnez returns to
repeat at the party that Gloria Camila
was banned on Mediaset and Emma
He says, "Let's see if they're going to veto you now."
you. Vetada and I have been there for 3 years
participating in I'm the only person. Tea
I'm going to say one thing, let's see if they're going to
veto you so much.
That you do not shut up commenting on the
secrets. Hey, if they have to veto me
who see me. I don't think it was fear. It
I come back and there are times when the
characters no. Look, man, that's what happened.
been like that, really. There's no denying it.
Everyone who is interested knows it.
He says, "I'm going to give an interview and
The only thing I hope at least is that I
listen. Don't ask anymore, let me
listen." In fact, they insisted
quite a bit and I finally said, "Come on,
Okay, perfect, I agree, I'm going to give one
interview and the only thing I hope for
The less they listen, the less they do
ask, let them listen." What do you want
Indian? That
happens? Hey, Golera's psychiatrist,
Camila Ortega. Hey, I see you guys very, I don't know,
like very hostile, right? Something's up with you
because this question is very important
What did I just do to you? I had hostility.
that the problem you have when it comes to
receive the questions that Jos Antonio
He is a friend of Gloria Camila that we
we are not asking. I don't know, it's just that
I see you, I see you as very
The only thing I'm telling you is that
during these 4 years in what years 4
years in what we have seen in the video
from 4 years since you broke up until today
today. I wanted to ask you something
that precisely let me finish the
ask. You are not here to
ask, you are for
answer Jos Antonio
ask. Clear,
I'm in a good mood. I'm in a good mood
and all I want to know is if you
I'm worried about that complaint he filed against you.
You didn't want to. But let's see, Kiko, one
question that I ask myself because it is that
I think that
Gloria Camila never has one on her
complaint or a
sues Kiko
Jimnez, because if it is a
complaint, it is a complaint for violence
of
gender, because as much as it is a
revelation of a secret, right? Well yes it is
According to the audios, being an ex-partner, that
is carried out for gender violence or is
a lawsuit over the issue of privacy.
That's what they have
rinse. It's a lawsuit, isn't it? Here it says
demand, no, no, it is not a complaint. Hey,
Gloria Camila sues Kiko Jimnez for
abuse
psychological. He wants to finish me off. Is
bad person. Calls now
introspective and
harassment. I mean, you're me.
telling me, you are
telling that Kiko Jimnez
defend when Antonio Av was thrown out.
It just doesn't make any sense, man. They are cases
very similar,
Hey? They are very similar cases,
Hey? Don't [ __ ] with me. These are very cases
similar. It is a person who cuts with
the famous one and makes her life on the sets
putting down the famous person with whom he has
cut or the surroundings of the famous with the
that has been cut. It is gender violence.
Man, well what I've seen so far
Now, what I know, what I
I can prove, for me, a violence of
gender, some cannot be sued
things. Well, Antonio Avil was sued.
also many times and did not lose any
Kiko's. We'll see,
[Music]
but Gloria Camila in Survivors
attacked Alba Carrillo. Rosa and I from
When I was little at the fair I got into a fight with a guy
group of kids. Ah, [ __ ] and we
we throw glasses. It's that it has nothing to do
see toxin with speed. Here's what
Gloria Camila is being reported
is reporting Kiko for what Kiko
has done to her, not for what Gloria
Camila played the survivor with another
contestant. That is, it does not have
sense. But but this is very strong,
Hey? I mean, it's just that you touch your balls,
Hey? Touch your
eggs. I'm going to say something else,
Hey?
A kiss, Tesa, sweetheart.
Here we have to do an exercise of
empathy for all parties, because
Of course, if we think something, we think it.
yet. If Gloria Camila thinks that
regarding your
ex-partner, how can you not understand your
sister? No or what?
That is, if you think that your ex-partner
he is doing a crushing
psychological, you also have to
think when understanding your
sister. Then, whether judicially or
be otherwise and you feel it or not
you sit down,
Okay? No, peace. Those are very words
strong. Peace. For me, it's abuse.
psychological, right? Let's see, when you
You are a media person who sells your
life and that in fact you are the one who has
brought this character to sit with you
on the sets, to talk about your
romances, your affairs, who you are with
you sleep with, who you don't sleep with, this
the show goes on, you know? I mean,
at most, violations of honor,
violations of privacy and all the
roll. But for me, when we talk about
abuse, eh, I tell you the same thing that you
I said with the Antonio Av case, when
We are talking about abuse, we are talking
in other words.
For me it was when we started talking about
psychological abuse by people of the
famous TV that make covers and things and
They throw [ __ ] at each other,
we lose respect for the word
abuse, to the real cases of
abuse. Okay? She feels very
abused because she's fed up.
She feels very overwhelmed and she
feels like he's fed up
and feels mistreated. Okay, but no
They're going to condemn Kiko, I think. I think that
They are not going to condemn him. Okay. Now then,
She should then understand her more
sister,
No? I say,
No? If this is happening to her
situation and is overwhelmed, should
understand your sister too, no
It was suddenly told and finally
last week I'm not worried about it
absolute. And in fact, you know that from that
I'm not going to talk about this topic, unless I
for whatever reason you want to contribute something
data, which I might contribute, but it is
that seeing, then contribute it, contribute it,
we are here to see,
I mean, no, there's no way around it.
take it so that Tele5 has Kiko then
Jimnez, that is, Kiko Jimnez is
denounced. Kiko Jimnez is
denounced. Okay,
perfect. He is not guilty. Okay,
perfect. He is not guilty. is accused
right now, he is not condemned,
But Antonio David was fired from Tele
5 without leaving it
speak for the testimony of the other, or
that is, not even being charged,
having been acquitted, man. It is a is
This is a [ __ ] hypocrisy, but
Come on, it's awesome, huh? This deserves a
main channel video, huh?
This deserves a video on the main channel.
because there are so many analogies here that no
are being
respecting, but I see it as logical
by neither party because the
people who supported Roseo Carrasco de
suddenly he is against Gloria Camila
on this topic, but nevertheless,
opposite is equal.
On the contrary, it is
Maybe because Gloria Camila
and if Gloria Camila was in the subject
Antonio David and his sister in favor of
Antonio David, how the [ __ ]
Now you complain about what is happening to you
passing to
you? If they are fewer years.
Of course, but the impact that
Roso Carrasco has it, Gloria doesn't have it.
Javi, for Gloria they're not going to veto this one.
No, it's not because Gloria, it's not that because
Gloria, don't veto it, it's because
where they did wrong was with Antonio
David. That's where they went wrong.
Tele5, from the TV factory. EITHER
sea, there is no way
pick it up. So, where is Carlota?
Slide? Where is Ana Bernard?
Trevino? Where is everyone? No, in
against Ara de Kiko, we are not here.
Hostility is that which cannot be
to do is that when one does not like the
question, the problem we have
us. We cannot see the problem from
TRUE. You come
here, right? You come here. You are, we are
We are delighted that you are here and coming
here so we can listen to you if you
we ask and you and you say what you
I feel like it.
No, if I say what you say, what I want.
No, no, no. But if they do one to me
I don't ask what time it is.
Antonio David has been speaking for 25 years
and Kiko Jimnez has 7
or for me they are very cases
similar. Let's see, what difference does it make?
Do you see the Indian case?
is to answer what is asked of you.
Jos Antonio politely told you
asked about something that is above
Javi, what you say is coherent in the
Gloria's theme, but it's not either
It is consistent that Roseo Carrasco is a friend
by Kiko Jimnez and goes to a barbecue
with the. Exactly. But I have said it,
Indian, you didn't hear what I said.
a few minutes ago. It is as it is.
It is just like that for both sides.
They do not criticize what is done, they have a
war of
sides. If Roco Carrasco thinks that
that Antonio David made is a
barbarity, a psychological crushing, no
I know, I don't know
how much, Roco Carrasco would have to be
on behalf of your
sister. Even though his sister doesn't
was part of it, I'd say, "Hey,
Sister, sister, sister, now you have me
understood, right?" Well, come on, let's go
get together. No, he doesn't go to a barbecue with
Kiko Jimenez. Of course, it doesn't have
sense, [ __ ], I'm also
watching football. No, no, yes, yes, but
I've said it, I've said it before.
It's eh everyone who is supporting now
to Kiko on Tele5, okay? What am I seeing?
that on Friday I didn't have much
support, really, right? On Friday
Nobody's defending Kiko, right?
Who are the collaborators who are
defending Kiko at a party and so on?
How strong, huh? Table for a long time
time, which is that complaint long ago
time, right? You saw a complaint that I
puts while I'm in survivor
competing just a year ago. Well,
one year. Well no, that wasn't from yesterday. Well,
already for a complaint that is stopped, that
not even that it does not advance, that it is a
something that if something had happened, yes
If it was something serious, I would move forward. What is
stopped and does not move forward. But how is it?
stopped and not moving, Kiko? Let's see,
the complaints are not stopped and not
keep it up. Justice is very slow, but
that is stopped and does not advance does not have
sense. I have to make a video, eh,
Estela, with all those clips, eh, I have
to make a video, eh, a good one
from the main channel,
eh, because it is
mind-blowing, it is
mind-blowing, it doesn't have, there's no way around it
pick it up. I mean, I see very cases
similar, apart from the fact that in the
another case is more years and there are children of
by
half. Justice is very slow, but
stop will not be. That is, if the complaint
the year was set last year and there is no one
order of dismissal or opening of proceedings
trial, because we understand that it will be eh
that the extension will have been made
preliminary proceedings because they will be
investigating and Gloria will be contributing
his tests and his things. I imagine him
that they will have called him to testify and
will have given his version.
It is a complaint that has no reason.
has
no sense. If I told you, eh?
several of the reasons why
complaint, you would fall on your back. But
She talks about what has been taken that has
there has been testimony. It's that no
We know the reasons, but it is
You asked her and she didn't want to
talk about them. Of course, me neither.
I want to advance many things about this
topic because it is a very delicate subject.
I imagine that when he is not here
talking is because what Gloria is
reporting eh is because he is eh
imputing to him the guilt of
problems, I understand, I imagine that
Cheers to her.
That's why Quico doesn't want to say anything.
nor, much less to treat it like that
In it, what he said made it clear to me, eh,
while i was in survivor it is
something that is not understood because if there is
After so many years, I don't understand
why does he do it just when I'm here
survivor, argued that if the
interview argued that she said that
were the professionals themselves who
They tried those who didn't put it on me
with lawyer Antonio David. Yes, that's not it.
He has nothing that Ivan wears.
This is the
height. It is the
height. Hey, but this is this is the
height. But come on, but what will it be?
following. I wonder if a peseta would give
each
Spanish, but not me, where they have
meet.
They are all delighted to have
known person with the hand of the
people. That,
Manuemi. I mean, he carries it with him.
lawyer Antonio David, who has defended
Antonio David of his own. This this is
to die for,
Hey? This is to die for,
Hey? Let's see, for what I don't know, I don't have anything.
what to see.
No
detour, let me ask you the
ask. She does not argue here. She
argues here. Let me let me let you
I'll ask you the question, please. She
argues here. Then the lawyer who
choose I don't care. I don't care.
Well, not you. To the miciv.
Let's see, it's significant,
Antonio. We are not going to deny that it is
curious, isn't it?
I don't care. Personally, I
it doesn't matter. She argues here that they are
the professionals who treat her are the ones who
They tell him, "Everything you are doing to us
narrating is called one way and you have
to put it in the hands of justice
because eh this episode that you tell is
One thing, this episode you are telling is
another, even that thing about anorexia that
He said we didn't know is another."
and
but all this together is called a se
call that and
you must put it in the hands of a lawyer and
that's what she narrates. Okay, that's it.
is what she narrates. What I am telling you
saying that she told the lawyer Antonio
David for revenge on Antonio David
because of his pending accounts that he
has and says, "How can you screw this
uncle try to get rid of it because
is he doing well? He is happy with his partner,
works in television. Look, me with everything
respect, eh, I say it with all the
I respect and support Gloria Camila
in their fight and put up with Kiko and everyone
that roll, okay?
But I have no doubt about it
that this has been eh at his house taking
a coffee. Antonio David, Gloria Camila and
Rocio Flores. One afternoon Gloria Camila eh
up to Kiko Jimnez's [ __ ] eh?
They find a story about Kiko
Jimnez at the Bernabu with Roco
Carrasco and Antonio David says,
"Listen to me, this guy who's wearing
making you speak badly all these years
of you, I don't know what, I don't know how much and to you
has caused some nerves. And you are
bad and you don't know what and you don't know
how much. Well, let's do something for him,
what they support. They didn't say that
all this was abuse. Well, come on,
come here, I'll take you, I'll take you
with Ivan. I think if a peseta would give
every Spaniard. This is how it was forged
complaint.
And the gusiluz, Kiko's lawyer, face,
rolling with laughter. Face
rolling with laughter. Revolose of the
laughter. Face, crying with laughter. Who
the lawyer who takes Kiko
Jimenez? I don't believe that, Javi. If I was
in treatment, you will have done so when you have
been ready. Hey, look, really, no
don't fool me,
Okay? Don't fool me. This has been
forged, eh, this has been forged in a
conversation with Antonio David, but the
judge has given the green light to
judgment, no matter what Antonio says, no,
no, no, Indian, no, no, no, no, no, no
Indian, this is in the same process.
No, no, no, don't tease me, don't tease me.
touch noses. This is in the
same procedure as Antonio's
David. Antonio David's. First,
when Roco Carrasco presented the
complaint, they did not admit it for processing and
Then Roso Carrasco filed an appeal
and they admitted it for processing and then
There were a series of proceedings in which
Antonio David had to testify, I don't know.
what and I don't know how much until finally
they filed it. It's exactly the same,
Okay? It's exactly the same. It
same, same. Well, not the same,
because this one is more is more
recent. This one will surely go
to be filed.
I don't see that they are not going to condemn him or him.
are going to be taken to trial. You, you can't.
It is very difficult to provoke, that is, it is very
difficult and it is very difficult to prove a
psychological abuse. It's very very
difficult. I mean, it has to be that Gloria
Camila can prove that she has one
life of a [ __ ] great, that has no
conflict with no one and suddenly it is
This guy is the one who is destroying her
life.
Telephone harassment. Javi, he has that.
very good. Come on, come on, for God's sake,
true, we are really giving me a
courage when we have been defending
one thing for a lot of years and
now because the characters are different,
let us defend the contrary. Really that
I really don't like those things. When you
you put in that plan, don't you
stood. When you put yourself in that plan, no
it
stood. Of
true, you really dislike Kiko. Perfect,
[ __ ] great. You really dislike Kiko and
We really like Gloria Camila.
Perfect, [ __ ] great. But to Kiko
Jimenez is not going to do it
condemn. They can sue you.
civil for publishing some some
audios. It's the best so I
I see. No, no, no. Come on, but
come on, but come on, it's that But come on,
But come on, for God's sake, what are we doing?
talking at this point, man? That is to say,
Gloria Camila who has had everything
life to the lawyer
this. What was the name of this lawyer?
that Marina interviewed him a lot? As
is the name of the lawyer who has had all
life? Ortega Cano and Gloria Camila,
who was another lawyer, I don't remember how
HE
He called, but he spoke intimately
sexual. Javi, that's a crime. That's not it
crime, Maria. That may be a
violation of honor and privacy
civil.
That's not a crime, damn it, really. EITHER
I mean, double standards, man.
Completely. Let's see if we have been
defending Antonio David, who has
done the same thing for more years than the
Kiko Jimnez,
uncle. Treboyle. That is, if Antonio's
David has not been, we have been
defending, no, the seven judges, no,
I don't know what, I don't know how much, that is not there
damn, what the [ __ ] are you telling me?
now? Otherwise, this is the same. AND
knowing Antonio David, this was
Gloria Camila having a coffee at home
by Antonio David with Antonio David and with
Roco Flores or in the or there in Madrid in
a coffee shop and they said, "You know
What, we are going to file a complaint against
See if Tele 5 will kick him out now." Man,
For God's sake, man, really, we are in
kindergarten here, we are at school here
or what.
But for Ricky Ed yes, Tuti. Ricky Eddy
publicly admits that he is taken by
phone to girlfriend while she is
sleeping, okay? And it is recorded
lots of conversations, he admits
he. This girl is what she is
reporting is a induced anorexia
for him. You can't prove that.
Seriously, don't jerk off.
mental. I think if a fish gave to
each
Spanish, but not me, where they have
meet. What cries out to heaven is the
real domestic violence they experience
women, children, men, elderly and non
This circus is not real. All for the
television. Dude, a kiss, it's boring.
This is a circus in which they participate
everyone, okay? Gloria Camila does not
He liked to give interviews about his life
private, to Olga Moreno either, to the one of the
motorcycle either. And they are all returning to
Tel5. Because? because there are no others
income on the other hand. So, if you
You are a person who sits down
20,000  to tell who you have
lying on the reading cover, he is going to
your ex-partner comes and talks about how
you have gone to bed. What not what not
It may be that you like them to talk
of your relationships when you are
charging and when the other is charging
you don't like it. No, man, no, no, no.
You're going to get off that donkey, huh? I already told you
I say, but come on, come on, I'm getting
outrageous. So I tell you so
clear. You shouldn't take it lightly,
psychological violence. For God's sake
We have been defending it for 4 years
contrary. For God's sake. What are you doing to me?
counting? A psychological violence.
Well, nothing, everything we talk about
here bad of other creators and others
youtubers and I don't know what, well it's
psychological violence all, because as
we make each other green,
Well, nothing, abuse, everyone
abuser, man. Really, what?
do we do? We sat Gloria Camila and her down.
we dress her and her like and like her
This woman, as she did as they did with
Roco Carrasco, who had her hair done
One day they dressed her just like her
that the woman is. that I suffer from
abuse. Man, no for God's sake, dude. Is
true, they are things that no,
uncle. These are things that no,
uncle. It is not a
abuse. A lot
reality, how can you do it? Do this
that for now something is achieved and
done something has achieved. Get that
It is a procedure, all are admissible for processing.
Well, all of them. I don't think so.
All of them, many of them. Yes, yes, all of them. The
the question is that the question is that if
They carry the medical reports and are the ones
own doctors and the own
specialists, the ones I can Yes,
man, of course. And Roso Carrasco took a
medical report saying that he was
having attempted suicide because of guilt
by Antonio David. Man, man, from
true, me with me, look, me with these
things I can't, huh? Me with these things
I can't. How is it that a doctor has
saying? Well, there were also doctors
who said that Roso Carrasco had the
Antonio David's fault. Holy [ __ ], man,
TRUE. No, no, no, no, man, no, no,
man,
No. I wonder if a peseta were given to each
Spanish, but not me, where they have
meet. One of the most difficult things
to prove is the cause and effect. He can't,
but less so when they have more conflicts
family, more controversies in your life, you
You cannot prove under any circumstances
concept, even if it were true. Okay, no.
you could prove that you have one
illness or that you have a disorder
because of what he's saying about you
your ex-partner. I mean, you can't do that.
demonstrate, do you understand? Can
have, of course, a situation, of course, but
is that you dedicate yourself to
this. It's what you do for a living, man.
If you are a person who is dedicated to
your clothing brand and you are a person
that you are dedicated to your business and you have a
clothing brand and I don't know what and you don't get involved
in these aleos, but if you are a
person you sit next to on Friday.
But not to me where they have to give. Of
true, man. Maybe another Cutrol follows.
now from Gloria Camila. And then what?
do we do? Well now we support Gloria
Camila because she is from the side that
we like it. Man, no, man, no,
man, no. They are not like that
things. That's not how it is, man. Of
true, things aren't like that, damn. This
it is not abuse. We can't call him.
abuse here to anything, to
any move they have between
couples.
I mean, of course, here as if it were us
bad is Kiko, who is on the side of the
another, well now here here Kiko, well
No, Kiko is an abuser who has been around for 4 years.
years talking about Gloria Camila. That
you have to have balls, eh, to say
that, huh? Man, what the [ __ ] is there to do?
have to say that, man, uncle? Of
true, these are things that, man, we have not
been defending the opposite, damn. 4
more years in that because I say what
she argued. I'm not saying that Kiko
be right with the things you say
Gloria Camila. I'm not saying I have the
reason with the things he says, eh,
Gloria Camila and with the pounding that she
do. No, you are not right. Same as
Antonio David is not right in many things
things that Roco Carrasco talks about. EITHER
So, Antonio David goes and sees Roco
Carrasco on Spanish Television and in a
cake program and is making it
a live show. But we can't call that
abuse, family.
Man, what if we get down to it?
That, it's all abuse. It's all abuse.
Everything we do here, right? [ __ ],
Well, we say things to each other.
youtuber and among creators. We put on
green all day long each other,
we insult each other, we say everything to each other.
Well no, there may be one.
violation of honor, since there may be,
Well, okay, but what we can't do
is the width and the funnel. If it's Antonio
David, no, but it is Kiko Jimnez,
abuser. Man, man, touch me
the noses.
He will argue, but I cannot enter into
more detail on that. And the token, the token
that you have told us that if there is something
We have those arguments in
the interview that has been previously in the
program. You refer to Very well, Smurfette,
Look, Smurfette is telling me. Dew
Carrasco cannot prove that she
have an suicidal attempt and some
mental disorders because of Antonio
David. Because? Well, because it doesn't have one.
Because of that, he has it for life
carrying. Hey, his mother died,
He's fighting with half his family, huh?
has problems with his children and has a
lots of things. It cannot be proven,
Even if it were true, it could not be
prove. Gloria Camila has had a
anoresia and has had a lot of
depressions too. Surely not
can prove that it is because of
Kiko Jimnez. That is, Gloria Camila has
a lot of problems, has a brother
also that he has his issues,
has some problems with his father,
father's wife on television putting
truth to the father, man, for God's sake, uncle,
really. And now it's going to a
survivor, goes to a It's already 8 o'clock, goes
On a Friday, they sit down to read,
Man, for God's sake, dude, really.
I mean, I can't stay
believing that you are in the chat
defending. The opposite depends on the
character. Two or three situations in which
which she argues in that complaint.
more typical of an interview, a dish
of television that that that of a
judged, sincerely, because that
Report someone because you are happy with them
his partner today. But that's why
complaint,
That's why he doesn't listen, but you've seen the
complaint hear I have not seen it.
So, then, why do you say that
That's why you don't report it if you haven't done it.
seen? I'm saying it. A complaint
logically
He can't file a complaint because he's happy.
with his wife it will be for something else. Well
because you were unfaithful to me. I don't know since
To me, what Kiko does is seem like a
civil suit for having published the
audios. That's what it looks like to me.
A civil suit that I believe was filed
Also, you know? On the subject of the
audios. But come on, but come on, but
Come on, I'm going to tell you something else.
that we are not mentioning. Come on, it is
I'm going to tell you something else that is not
we are
mentioning. That Gloria Camila is
sitting on a set charging and being
mentioning the Kiko Jimnez issue.
That's when I get to the
court, when I get to the court it is
when are they going to hit him, I mean, if not
It is already closed, that is when they will
to put the final file on the file. I mean, no
it's going to work, it's not going to work
strain through any
judge that you are reporting a
psychological abuse and you feel in
Friday to talk about you
abuser. No way, kid.
not even a [ __ ]. And surely when it is
doing it because he knows that the demand
has no route. If a peseta were worth
each
Spanish, but not me, where they have
meet. Javi, you will have to decide that one.
judge. So here we have presumption
of guilt, right, Caramela, no
we have the presumption of innocence. Kiko
Jimenez is guilty until proven guilty.
contrary. Okay, perfect. Of a [ __ ]
mother.
I think Gloria will win it, you are
saying around here. My goodness, really,
what a barbarity, what a barbarity, of
TRUE. That
barbarity, what what barbarity, huh? That
I'm seeing a lot of things today. I'm leaving,
I'm getting a real hot flash here.
Come on, I didn't know this topic was
so, huh?
Being unfaithful is a
crime. Unfelt because she was also me
unfaithful to me, something he forgot
ask him.
Same topics as Antonio David with the
other. It's not that he was unfaithful to me, it's not that
flirted with I don't know who, that's not a
crime, really,
uncle. Come on. And I'll tell you how it is
has fabricated this complaint.
Come on, we're here now, lelos
same. This this this has been forged
saying the same thing they did to me.
For God's sake, of
The truth is that I reported you because it is a
argument like that and to her, why doesn't she
Did you ask it in that tone? Because
you don't count
you? Because she can't get in either.
because a topic is a sensitive topic that
It causes sensitive that causes a lot
pain.
There is no criminal offense in what has
made Kiko Jimnez and I like Kiko
Jimnez worse than Gloria Camila. There is no
no criminal offense. The topic of the
audios, Kiko Jimnez does not have them
illicit manner. There is no revelation of
secret. In any case, what there is is a
violation of privacy, okay? By
the content of the audios. No
There is a crime of harassment, okay? If you
you have a stalker, you are not
dedicating
interviews. And we have talked about that here.
too, right? Many times, right? Host,
What are you going to call a person?
stalker when you are dedicating it to him
life to him?
By
Please, there is no crime
and that we will also take action
legal when the time is right
for false accusation.
[Applause]
Neither.
See if it can be that I don't have any
Seriously, I know that one, Jos Antonio. I him
I see the reason
reason for every Spaniard,
but not to me where they have to give.
I think like you about how it is forged
demand.
Don't you see that it is one that is what I believe. This
I have no proof nor doubt, do you
you understand? I mean, I can't do this.
prove.
I don't know, I don't know, but I think that
This has been, come on, I think this
It was their idea at a meeting
They have said, well you know what, that if I
They reported me, you can take care of Kiko.
report and then it will be or it will be, but
while it is
accused. Already,
Uncle, the king is opening melons. No, but
That's how it is, Smurfette, really, it gives me
I'm very angry, these make me very angry
situations in which we are living
the same, but with different characters
and as it is now the opposing side,
Now we defend the opposing side,
it kills me. To me
kills the world and the reason for returning to the
television to talk about it. That's it.
Well, the reason that is alluded to in that
The complaint is for the damage that in
all your performances,
Margarita You have to insult me in the chat.
Do you want to call by phone and
Can you explain to us why? Because? By
What am I being a loudmouth, what
What information am I missing? Because
We are here watching all the videos of
what each one has said
one. That? What information is it that I
lack? You don't know it either. Okay.
I wonder if a peseta were given to each
Spanish, but not me, where they have
meet. Any circumstance of your
life, past or present may
destabilize it
psychologically. Difficult to prove a
specifically. It is very complicated to
demonstrate
that. It is very complicated to prove that,
Okay? Even if it were true, it would be
very complicated
prove it. It is very complicated to prove
that. What happened in Marbella? He
what is Marbella,
Daisy. I'm leaving, okay? Leave. That
Damn, it has to do with Marbella.
Margarita here? That here with Co Jimnez
They stopped him driving and put a stop to him
fine or he was arrested because he confronted
with the policeman. What the hell does he have to do?
see that
with And to me of and to me and and to me of kid
They caught me too and put one in me
slap because I was fighting in
the charterhouse where they have bottle parties?
Of
True, Javi, if you have witnesses too
It would be difficult to prove. Of course.
Yes, Conchi. Well of course,
because you are the witnesses that you are going to bring,
They are evidently witnesses who are in agreement
you
part. Let's see, yes, I am going to go.
to a trial and I'm going to bring witnesses,
Those witnesses are the ones I present.
because I'm interested and the judge is interested in that.
values. I mean, but what what what what me
You are counting Roco Carrasco took
also his witnesses and his things, right?
Roco Carrasco brought a report where
supposedly had an attempt
autolytic. I could report you.
Also, Gloria Camila, if it is proven
who is right, just like Antonio
David is doing now. Yes, Jibe, to
My Gloria Camila could report me for
not agreeing with him and the father too
not because I don't like the tauro maquia
in all performances. Margarita says,
"If you sleep in the dungeon, for a reason
will be.
I can't, I can't, I can't. I'm going to
give
something, I can't, it's going to give me
something. Visivas has caused her
as advised by the
forensic psychiatrist, who is also
brought into court as a witness,
in addition to other witnesses who
They would argue that there have been situations
between you and her that have not been entirely
the correct ones. That's what appears in
the diffusion. But how do you know?
Because you told it in the preview,
Kiko. Against now
that you have not told in the preview
things about the complaint.
Eh, Roco Carrasco had witnesses who
They also had a lot of
situations between Antonio David and
she. If we are talking about the
Same case, but the other way around, man. But not
to me, where they have to give. We already know
that there are beings with fixed ideas, for not
say nonsense, and they don't change for more
arguments. It is to fertilize the soil
infertile.
A kiss, a kiss,
Laura. Honestly, I insist, I haven't.
been able to see, but I am very surprised that
professionals like my
colleagues have not heard because they are
the first
interested in that in the end it seemed that
Daisy
call me. It would be due to lack of
time, but here you go anyway
time. Yes, I mean here
we can watch the videos. Do you know what
which is what I was left wanting
see? With some images on the scene
become born in which they say so much
Ortega Cano as Gloria Camila who who
I treated him great, I was the one
perfect boyfriend. I think if a peseta
gave to each
Spanish, but not me, where they have
meet. They threw him out when they put him in
the complaint.
No no.
He continued to be a collaborator of
Survivor.
That's what I was looking forward to seeing. I that
I saw Gloria Camila yesterday in one of
I saw the videos they posted. I myself
I fell in love with the perfect boyfriend and then I
it turned out to be a frog.
not to see not at dinner with Bertino Borne
that you were there, Ana Mara, he asks her
Bertino Borne and they say, "No, no,
Daddy, tell Kiko how I am." Dad says,
"Kiko is wonderful, Kiko, tell me how I feel
"it deals." And he says
It's about his mother.
The truth is that Gloria Camila with everything
what has happened, the abandonment of their
parents, then the death of the mother, the
father's accident, it is normal that the
girl has psychological problems.
Of course, with everything he's had in his
life, Nina is a kiss. It is very complicated
that she can prove that eh that the
Kiko has caused problems for himself. EITHER
Well, you have to have proof, Gloria.
Camila, to get
that which is completely irrefutable.
You have to understand, you have to understand
What do you think is an ideal boyfriend?
wait a minute, in the year 2025 you won't have it anymore
It seems that for a lot of things they have
past and that's why you even have one
legal case.
You also have to understand that the
Friday night companions too
They had your information and they could
refute. And you have to understand and you don't know
you can forget that if you are interested it is
because you have been Gloria Camila's boyfriend
also.
Man,
let's see. By
of course, of course. Okay. And not me
I think it's good that Kiko Jimnez is here
pounding all the time,
but not to me, to where they have to give.
There are two children by half difference,
Javi. Yes, yes, there is, Ale. There is
differences. They are not exact cases, eh,
exact, exact, exact. But it is is
similar. Eh, I don't think it's right.
Kiko's crushing of Gloria
Camila on television all the [ __ ] time
time, do you understand me? and be there
still sucking on Gloria's bottle
Camila. Okay, perfect, we're on board.
I agree on that. But what we cannot do
to do is to call that abuse,
violence of
gender.
Okay,
no, there is no topic here that has to do with
with No, no. I worked at Slvame and
As you can understand, I didn't go every day
days, I wish I were one of those characters
who went every day.
I used to go one or two days a week when
I had to work and depending on the topic
had to be treated because they also
there is a presumption of innocence family, no
presumption of guilt.
They fed and lived off all of this. Well
If I remain silent and I do not speak, and on top of that I
could speak properly, for not of
I don't get caught or fired. Of course, you have to
you talk when you are here and there is someone
issue. I mean, you can't be that because
we don't like the guy. Okay, let's see,
Let's see what Sofia says.
When Kiko started talking, eh, everything
that noise that was in the studio, which was
very different from the tranquility that
there were with other interviewees, because it was
like the one who woke me up from the sofa. AND
Yeah
that I was aware of those 20 minutes
and we can call it harassment because the
harassment is also a crime. Yes, Eva, yes I
I understand that what you want is
already say that Kiko Jimn is guilty.
That's what you mean. Well, now
It is, say what you want, but
Don't come to me tomorrow with what, what
We have to respect the seven judges
from Antonio David, okay? You
You mean this man is
guilty? Well, perfect, [ __ ] great,
well guilty. If you are looking to do
Bobbin lace and you are looking for
the excuse, okay? I mean, if you are
searching, well that's it. Well, guilty,
is guilty until proven guilty
contrary. Presumption of guilt.
Okay, but don't come to me tomorrow with the
seven judges, with which Antonio Avino
They let him speak, so they threw him out of the
TV, don't come to me with that, do you
you understand? I mean, maybe the day of
Tomorrow Gloria Camila turns out to have
an audio where Kiko mistreats her. Well,
Well, then I will say that he is an abuser.
Right now with the data that is available on
the table, right? Right now with the data
what's on the table, everything gives me
indicate no.
Okay, what's more, this smells to me like
It's a tip from Antonio
David. My intuition. Call me bad
thought. Intuition
mine. But it doesn't seem to me that it was a
interview. I felt like it was a six
collaborators against an interviewee.
I think they didn't know how to take advantage of the
opportunity they had to be able
listen to him, to be able to ask him, to
to be able to empathize with him, to be able to
discuss. I don't know, it was like a peseta
gave to each
Spanish, but not me, where they have
meet. I think that if the boss has reported
is that he has proof, so that's it. Well
also.
Well, that's it. Well, that's it. Clear. Yeah
Gloria Camila reports that she has
evidence,
family. Yes, yes, Gloria Camila denounces it
because he has proof. That's it,
sincerely. Already
this. I don't
I can. You're making me mad.
You're really pissing me off, man. AND
The worst thing is that the one I like is
That of those two is Gloria
Camila. The worst thing is that I am the one who
Gloria Camila is well-liked. But in this
I can't tell you that the other is a
abuser. By
Please, with what face will I defend myself tomorrow?
opposite. In another
case, host,
uncle. And that's it. Well, as it has
reported, because he has proof.
Well, that's it. Presumption of
culpability.
Here's to you. Let's each go for it
pertinent applause that we want and that eh
We need the audience and that's it.
this. They are more focused on that.
that in his interviewee. So, I don't know
very good what to tell you. Without further ado, Kiko.
Well, as always, if they have admitted the
The lawsuit is not being processed because there is
proof.
Dance it out, Javi. a dance
dance baarlo,
bro. And clapping up and up
chorus that starts. What does it say? What does it say?
Oh.
What happens is, remove
here. I closed the window. You have me
embittered,
uncle. I really don't.
It's me who is stubborn,
Dude, I really can't, okay?
But come on with all your balls,
uncle.
But come on, with all your balls
you're telling me that. Let's go, but not to
me, where they have to give.
Now yes, let's dance like yesterday.
Damn, but with all your [ __ ],
uncle. But I, really, you are
just for fun,
No? It seems that I am the one here
Kiko's defender, really, eh.
I wonder if each Spaniard would give one peseta
Camila is going to block my glory and
all. To me where they have to give. I of
I want to be Javi Oliveira when I grow up. A kiss
multi. No, no, but it seems that
I'm here against the girl
also. Well, I understand and I feel it.
a lot for her, but I don't think there is
here a violence of
gender, really.
Me too,
man, when Kiko started talking, eh,
all that noise that was on the set, that
It was very different from the tranquility that
there were with other interviewees, because it was
like the one who woke me up from the sofa. AND
Yeah
that I was aware of those 20 minutes,
but it doesn't seem to me that it was a
interview. I felt like it was a six
collaborators against an interviewee.
I think they didn't know how to take advantage of the
opportunity they had to be able
listen to him, to be able to ask him, to
to be able to empathize with him, to be able to
discuss. I don't know, it was like a go for you.
Let's each go for the relevant applause
What we want and what we need
from the audience and that's it. were
as more focused on that than on their
interviewee. So, I don't know very well
what to tell you. Without further ado, Kiko, as
always the You shouldn't wait to see what
says the judge, I say, eh? Not me, me me
I can't take it anymore, really. I can't
further. I'm going to skip this topic. I'm not
listening to what he is saying
Sofia. Aini, can you send me an audio, please?
favor? And you give us your opinion.
without fear, brave, explaining what
that could, because every time I is that
We're coming, wait, we're coming from
comment a while ago
while that
that Antonio had filed the lawsuit
Tel5. Ofelia, a kiss, beautiful, how
are?
I really can't handle them.
loves. We came back from commenting a while ago
about the lawsuit that Antonio is filing against him
David to Mediaset, okay? AND
immediately after we commented
This and you are making me lace
bolillo so that I accept here one
presumption of guilt. But,
Do you know what the worst thing is? The worst thing is that
then if this one is condemned you will
come and you're going to tell me, "See, we had
reason.
Hey, he finished something, they cut him off. So
I felt sorry for the program,
No? Which in the end was a waste. Tea
Kiko says, Sofia, what he feels every
time you have to talk about it again
Gloria Camila. The Kiko we saw yesterday,
Is he a Kiko who suffers? Is it a Kiko that
He's fed up, what do you care? What's it to you?
transmits to you?
Well, like any person
when you live a story, be it good or
bad, at the moment he lives it
intensely, but after the Kiko, a
little angel, Javi, but it's not that he is
a little angel, but if Antonio
David is not a either
little angel. If I were the groom, the
Roco Carrasco's husband or boyfriend or
Roco Carrasco's partner, I would have
I have already said four things to Antonio
David, but that doesn't mean it's
a
abuser, okay? Well, Kiko's thing
Jimenez the same. If I were the couple
From Gloria Camila, I love Kiko Jimnez
I would have taken it, I would have waited for it in
the Tel5 door and I would have taken it out and
I would have walked him along Farrada de la
ear. Okay, but we can't say that
it's a
abuser. It's that we are using h
terms that suit us, you know?
Which are major terms.
But what do you want me to order? In the end. TO
see, is that Javi understands that in the
Your Honor, you won't understand the humor
of the
youth. So if you get to
hitting the chair like in childhood,
says Margarita Jimnez, Antonia Davin
much better than you, Javi Oliveira.
Well, that's it, Margarita. Of course
Yeah.
They will not understand the
meme. In the end. Let's see, uh, question. If you
You defend something because you like it.
person,
but you don't defend the same thing because the
person let you down. Look, to me the
Kiko seems to me an aberration of
person,
[Music]
let's see,
It is not a crime, although the guy is a
climb.
Sure, it's the same, man. I know that
it's the same.
I mean, it seems like a
abuse that Kiko Jimnez suffers, eh cu
5 or 6 years of criticizing Gloria
Camila. [ __ ] awesome. Does it seem like a
abuse. But 20 years doesn't seem like a long time to you?
I can't abuse you, really. Can't,
No
I can. Where is my alcner? One has to
be consistent a little bit too, right? EITHER
well, it's the same thing. I mean, people
that is being said, "Well, but it is
that will have proof." Yes, well, but it is
that Roco Carrasco also said
have evidence that later came
judged and D proved that it is good that
there was nothing there. So, let's see
which is very complicated. Don't upset me.
old man. Don't upset Grandpa, please.
God, the chair is going to break later.
Last night's gold, grandpa. Ha ha ha. You will open
today. Kisses to the no. I'm already leaving here.
I'm going to
asylum. From here I'm going to the nursing home.
No no. I'm leaving early today.
Well, it is true that one begins to
forget, right? Above all those
feelings and what they can bring you
that time a hatred at the time of
tell it or at the time of or a penalty.
When time passes, I think everyone
It happens to us that well, well you have it like
a simple memory that tells it without
further. Well, that's it, then
we will talk about what will happen. I take advantage here
to offer myself selflessly, now
that the doors of that house say so much,
I selflessly, if you want change
the floor of that house that has been there for 50 years
without changing, that I did yesterday when I did it
Ana Mara told me this, what is it? This is already
It's nonsense, man.
But not to me, to where they have to give. HE
defends the presumption of innocence, not
to Kiko.
Exactly. But apart from that, it's not. EITHER
I mean, if you were telling me,
Kiko seems like an [ __ ] and a climber to me.
[ __ ] great. Well, I'll tell you, then.
Okay, perfect. But what I'm not going to tell you
buying is what I'm already giving myself for
mistreated this
person. Look at this hesitation, since
we are, where we calm down. Look.
[Music]
Alan, send us an audio, right? Please,
and put a little order here, okay?
How are you? Very good. Good or what? Good. Tea
I shake hands. Give it to me.
Do you trust him or not? Man, it's not that bad.
enough to trust you too much. Well then
They say it about you, huh? That's why I tell you,
because if I shake your hand with the
another one you stab me like you did. Come on,
give it to me.
Seen how you can't trust, Antonio
from
then. That we can trust
you, or not? Little education shown and
little sir
rude there, huh. What a history, huh?
Ah, I was going to see this. Do you want it?
let's see or what? I was going to see that Marina, that
You already know that he is with his channel for his
count, okay? It has become independent from
us, but well, we support her.
Alasne, put some order. Come on,
before we get started on this, okay?
And we see what happened with Marina with
Gustavo, about Diego Arrabal, who
I want to know, man. Really, are you going to?
send audio to or past or past another
extract? Seriously, these are things, man, that
You're making me mad, huh? But black, black,
black, huh? How pissed I got off on this one
excerpt, man. It's been a while since I last
It pissed me off, huh?
Kiko did not defend the presumption of
innocence of Antonio David. Look, well, now
It's there, Marilac. Well then we are
We are the same as Kiko. Hey, no, no
delete messages. You are deleting
Messages, moderators, do not delete
neither, it doesn't matter, it doesn't happen
nothing. Even if I'm getting pissed off, don't
delete.
Ane is going to say something or I'm going to go to the other one
junk. I have to make a video of this.
in the main.
Hey, I have to do this. Yes, it is.
recording an audio. I have to do
a video of this on the main page.
Eh, this has to be dealt with in the
main, but with a video with clips.
Pa pa pa
pa. Joe isn't around, is he? Hey, Joe
Hunter. Jo Hunter is not here today,
No? Javi, I appreciate the laughs today.
It is unbeatable. Yes, well it has happened to me.
made a joke today. Come on, Sabortado
today with me. Rul, Noa, don't piss me off,
Hey? Noa, what are you going to tell me now?
But not to me, to where they have to give. No
you understood me. I don't think it's a
abuser. I want to think that it has not
falsely denounced. Call me innocent.
I want to think about what evidence he'll have. Come on
let's see. The fact that Gloria Camila
think that what is happening to you is a
psychological abuse does not mean
that it is a false accusation. We have the
ugly habit of not knowing how to differentiate and
believe that all the demands that are
They lose are false accusations, right? That
Kiko Jimnez will surely say it when
release it. Do you want to help me, Joe, with
the one with the video of the
major? This is gold, huh? I Indian
that you have the clicks like super such.
Surely you can give me a
hand, we talk and make a good video
tomorrow. Listen to me, eh, I can
report a person because I am
completely convinced that it has been
committed a crime against me, okay? AND
I can go and file a complaint, that's it.
not be and lose it, but that doesn't mean
say that the one who reported me has
made a false complaint. A complaint
It is false that I take and invent the
facts, falsify the evidence, present
things that are lies, you understand?
But it doesn't have to be a complaint.
false.
I, for example, once reported a
uncle who threatened my dog with Estrujal
in the head, do you remember? And I lost her,
because as it was the word of one
against the other, well, nothing, it
They obviously acquit before
rather than condemn him. That means
that I filed a false complaint. No, I put
a complaint that cannot be
prove it, okay? And how that can affect you
say 1000 complaints that they put on you and that
lose, that doesn't mean it's
false.
Hello, beautiful people. Let's see, eh, I can
understand that people of your opinion and I
I see this, I see that, but just like
happened in the other case and that much
We criticized at the time, it cannot be done
judge a person until there is
a conviction or court ruling that
endorse that. That is, you can't call him
to this abusive person because we
Gloria Camila likes us better or because we
let's feel eh eh identified with some
situation that she tells or why
let's empathize. The same as at the time
It was wrong for people who empathized
with Roco Carrasco calling him an abuser
Antonio David because there was none
sentence that supports it. So,
moderation. We can give our opinion without
disrespect and without charging crimes
that justice has not yet
condemned. For now what there is is one
complaint. At the moment in which there is
a conviction, whether acquittal or
condemnatory, since an opinion will be given based on
based on what that person says
judgment. For now what there is is
only a complaint. It can't be done
point fingers or impute crimes to
a person. You can give an opinion,
but with moderation, as at the time. EITHER
well, at the time we criticized that the
people who empathized with Roco
Carrasco called Antonio an abuser
Vision that there was a sentence that
endorse, because right now it is what it is
same. As much as Gloria Camila loves us
like us or we can empathize or we
Kiko falls badly and we think that it is
a climber and such. M, just that.
Very good, Alne. Thank goodness he put it
some
order. I'm going to the bathroom for a second,
Okay? Just one second while
you give it a like and while we finish
that challenge of 50 and we're going to see the channel of
Let's see what Marina does, let's see what
Gustavo, I want to find out about
gossip.
I'm for
here. I'm for
here.
Um, what's up? Are you arguing with
Alasne? You guys piss me off a lot.
Marinilla. Well, wait, I'm going to
engrave. No,
lie. Now yes. Well, you already know that
Marina has her YouTube channel, okay?
He is out there bringing many
exclusive, it is bringing many little things
and so on, okay? And I am very interested in that
I haven't been able to see it yet, this one
excerpt from an interview conducted by
another day to Gustavo who says, "Goodbye to
Diego Arrabal. I don't want them in me
life." Okay, I mean, I don't know if it will be a
little clip or will it be serious, but I
I want to know, so let's get down to business.
[Music]
I wonder if a peseta were given to each
Spanish. Oh, Ana Garca, what's going on? But
not to me, to where they have to give. He
Gloria's feeling is that
abuse. That's how he feels. That's not it
lie, but it is the judge who has to
you say it is or it isn't. Dance again hands
in prayer. Exactly.
Yes, yes, yes. You would go. Well, great, because
If I tag you, I want the whole chat
know that today they have confirmed that the new
star signing is Maril Montero.
Man, it's been a real blast,
Hey? Let's admit that it's been good
thrown away. Marilo came to me
head.
Uh, but I think he was serious, or
sea, no. Well, let's see, Marilo Montero
It is on Spanish Television,
No? Oh, but let's see, this one is doomed
too, right? Just like just like the
Rabal, right? I mean, they go hand in hand, they were
both of them together, right? Or I'm Is that
It's been a long time since such a head.
I mean, if they signed her today and I said,
Spanish Television. Gustavo cooks for
inside. Thank you very much, chat.
We would cook together. Hey, would that be okay?
or would it not be right? No, it couldn't be.
No, no, it couldn't be. Yes, I believed myself
veterinary. Keep in mind that she has
I ordered my
disqualification that is what he has Yes,
clear. Let's see, it can be possible. Can
Yes, it could be because it is a complaint for
revelation of a secret. It was not that of
Marilo Montero to these people. So no
It is incompatible if they have to coincide
in a program. Let's see, of course, I wouldn't have
a lot of logic and a lot of sense that she
lend. He has balls.
But where is that topic? I don't
I'm understanding nothing. It's that Gustavo,
you get into all the trouble. What do you
happens? Really. It is a topic, it is a
a topic that is surreal to me. Keep in mind
He says that Diego Rabal and I that I
I have no quarrel with Diego Rabal.
neither personal nor professional relationship.
This, this is new, isn't it? Holy [ __ ], it's not
a clickbait, but this is new, right?
Because I think I've seen Diego.
Arrabal speaking well of him, like, or
well, my friend Gustav, well, being
Diego is already on YouTube, eh, being Diego
already on YouTube, I think I've seen
Diego, you should have heard that, right? My
Comrade Gustavo, it's both of us.
condemned, but I think it is not final.
Yes, Saro. What happens is that, let's see, eh,
realistically,
mm, the sentence is at the hearing
provincial, right? It's not a first
instance, that is, it is the Court
Provincial of Barcelona because it is
a serious crime, right?
[Music]
So the resource is to
supreme. I don't know if that's of interest.
cassation
not even.
So Diego calls him flip-flop mouth.
Yeah. Damn, they ended up fighting.
No? With this roll. Well this is it
you are saying that it will not happen later.
For God's sake, don't take out any clips from me,
Hey? That then none here. I'm not going to you
I don't want to make blood. But we are
we are not willing. Let's see, I have nothing.
against him nor do I want anything bad for him
he. The other way around. I hope it goes very well for you,
Hey? I don't want anything bad for anyone,
but but in this we are together and
There are both of us who don't understand anything,
we do not understand this, please keep this in mind
that Mariln gave us, but if he has, or
well, they have dissolved the company then
that they have put eh, I want to remember six
six different lawsuits, four of them
Six lawsuits have already been filed and
four are archived. Alexandra, a
kiss, gorgeous.
Damn, I didn't know that, man. EITHER
I mean, I thought she was a civilian and it's about
the hand of the penalty. They condemned them
civilly too, but the civil one was left
cancelled because it has to be given first
the penalty and once the penalty is
firm, with whatever the result,
the civil decides. And there are two more. Let's see,
This issue is difficult for them. This is being done
looking bad, really. They have it
complicated. It would be a very big surprise
big that he turned around. no
I have no doubt that the
justice in which I still believe, despite
of everything, in which I still believe, well
will prove us right because it is surreal
totally from a report that does not
we have done, that we do not know, it has not been done
seen, we have not I'm going to tell the truth
eh and what I think about this
issue.
Eh, I don't have the best relationship with
Diego Garraval, you already know, but I
The sentence seems too severe to me,
Hey?
The sentence seems too much to me.
severe. It already seemed to me that the civil and the
penalty seems too much to me
severe. I don't know if it's that we're missing out.
some data that is not being given
publicly, but I understand that when
It has been made public and I understand that
we would know, but the sentence would be for me
seems
too much for some photos that are not
They were sold, weren't they? I mean, I don't know
they arrived at
post. I'm not telling you, I'm not telling you that
acquitted both of them completely of
all. Hm. But you tell me, hey,
Well, a sentence of, I don't know, 20,
30,000  Okay, but for me 300,000
plainclothes turkeys and then some background
[ __ ] penalties, it seems to me
excessive compared to many things that
We have in this country that happen, come on,
sold out, eh, this is it
tried, eh, you know that we are
condemned, because it is mind-blowing. EITHER
So, the only thing that unites you with Diego
right now it is this topic. What do you think?
same, right? But as far as I knew
you had a real agency, eh, I
had been left there. We had an agency,
We had a press agency that was
a wonderful agency. Look, I'm
I still think that what has happened, if not
the best, of the best reporters
graphics, of the best paparazzi that
there has been. He now has a channel
YouTube and has left it doing very well here,
Hey? It's going well for him. Yes, yes, no, what if I
I'm happy for him and he communicates very well. Is
He is a guy who also has a
unique and engaging style. It is very
good. Is God Rabal doing well or what?
It's been a while since
it doesn't work. Not bad, not bad.
on television. Also, for me, I
when they dispensed with him, which also
It wasn't just for the topless, Javi, already
You know, uh, it was because of some comments,
No? But the comments seemed to her
burlesque, but as for one, let's see,
a criminal conviction, that is, one, I don't
agreement on how much the criminal sentence was,
but a criminal conviction that we are
talking about things
very, you know?
There is the key to the key that changes the
acquittal or not, okay? The key that
changes the acquittal or the conviction is that
whether the place is private or not. And I don't know
what to think because some say one thing and
others say
other. And that's the key. I mean, if it is
a private site where they have taken the
photography, there is a
crime, you know? I don't see it as a reason
so much condemnation, okay? But there would be
a
crime. It is that if it is a site
[Music]
private, is that if it is a private site,
yeah, huh? That is the key to the
affair. It is that if it is a private site,
man, that you are in a private place and
you make a fool and they take a picture of you, that
The photos circulate around and they almost
publish. Yes, yes, that's a problem.
There you go. They have gone too far, but of course, if it is
a beach or a boat, right? I don't remember
if it was a ship, right? And it is not a place
private. Water is a private place.
Mm. There, there, there is where I see the
issue. Come on, for now they have them
condemned very clearly, eh, both in
both civil and criminal. Well, the civilian
It is now cancelled, but
they gave a sentence for the [ __ ]
host. I don't think that's the topic.
there's so much left, huh? Because in the end if already
They have appealed it, I think it's been a while
more than a year since the appeal was filed, I don't know if
two even ago, I don't know how much
time ago, but one or two ago. In it
moment the resolution comes out
Supreme Court, this has no further recourse.
Then they go to the civil, you know?
He just came out and I entered that
program, eh, that's how I ate them all
bent because poor new naive that
comes here with a bit of character to such
and four pum pum pum come and of course
You think you're going to take over the world and you
They come full from all sides and you
you think that well, well, but he
For me, television was always
been very on the private beach of the
bungalow. Let's see, we just don't know how.
These are the photos. If it is in the bungalow or in
That little enclosure of the bungalow, right? That
It's like the terrace, let's say, right? As
the little piece of beach that is private.
Man, if that's the case, it is.
crime. If so, it is a crime. Clear.
The thing is that the photos that came out
were in a
ship. 15 months was the sentence.
Let's see, if they are in a private place, yes. EITHER
well, imagine that you are in your
hotel and they take you and make you a
photography through the window of the
room, you know? In ball. No, that's it.
it is a crime
tremendous, you know?
Well, I don't understand it either.
remove people who contribute. It's true, it is
TRUE. Well, he was very critical,
but the thing is that this
people of course, these people were not the
who took the photos, that is, they
they are paying one's responsibility
of its workers, I understand,
No? So, of course, how do they know?
they if the photograph is in a place
private or
No? I understand that they take care of
the civil part, but from the criminal part.
But hey, family, you have to
keep one thing in mind
also, uh, this is like everything. I mean,
I, for example, did not agree
with some trial that I lost, because I
I'm seeing it from my point of view and
for me, you know? But this is what they are doing.
seeing three judges in the hearing
provincial of
Barcelona. Know? They will not know this
they less than us. They are the
that really have all the
documentation, all evidence and the
they have decided so
critical of GT from the TV factory
and then eh I guess then
still had in hand. I think it's a
little of that. It's true that
Diego, I am not going to support the
barbarities that he said about some, but
When I saw it, I knew it was not related.
with him, eh, I was amazed. He said, eh, Diego
He knows that his grave is ending
professional at Tele5. Eh, well, I don't
I support, obviously, that
they would do without him because he is also
It was one of the values of the program
because Diego had the profile of Diego
it is very difficult to obtain. That, the
heads of the audiences are usually
Also very good, says Pablo. Let's see, it is
that apart from that there are three of them, which is not
say, you know? We'll have to see later.
what decision each one made, that is not
I know if it is in the sentence, it sounds familiar to me
No, it is the decision they have made that puts you
taken between the three of us, right? He tells you,
Well, one agrees, the other doesn't. No
I know, no, Pablo, but man, it's just that
that the provincial courts have
They review the case well, right? Come on,
for me there are many there are many judgments in
first instance which is that neither
They review, that they do not even review the case,
they look very low. I trust more
always in the Provincial Court that
that in the first instance, eh, because
the case is thoroughly reviewed and complies with
everything, I don't know what. So there I believe
which will be for something, the truth.
Notice what I'm saying, I don't have
relationship with him, but I find it very
good, very good at communicating with his
style, with his way of communicating and with
the things he was carrying. So, what
they would do without him, because he was also,
look, a burden on the program. of
that there were many people who did not want that
left the program and hopefully not
condemn, it wasn't that bad. Know
What's up, Alberto? That I in the place of
Diego and Gustavo, being a crime of
revelation of the secret that is being sought
playing, okay? What I would have done
is to try to solve it. Because?
Because the crime of disclosure of
secret eh is not pursued ex officio. Yeah
the person who is reporting you
wants to remove the complaint, he removes it from you,
Okay? Hey, if she suddenly says,
"Well, I forgive you." It does not follow
with the case. So, after so many
years, I think they have had time in
instead of taking a thumbnail saying,
I don't know what I remember that he put on it once
in a thumbnail a comment, man,
Well, I would have tried to calm down a bit.
little the situation and having tried
solve, having offered him x amount
economic in the civil part, not 300,000
obviously, but hey, look, you
we are going to give 15,000  20,000  and some
public apologies and everything you
you want, you know? And take away the
penal. I would have tried that. Yes yes
It's a mistake, do you understand? If they have
put the
leg. On top of that, I think he ranted in his
her channel. Yes of course. No, it has continued
every year. Clear.
So we are talking
from a simple demand, you know? of
are
that I would have tried is that it is a
crime that can be committed if the party that
is reporting it, he wants to take it away from you,
He can take it away, he can forgive you
until the last
moment. I don't doubt that they have tried.
in a thousand ways. Well, I don't know, maybe
They've tried, I'm here saying
a nonsense,
but I don't know.
and they had to do without him, but
It is also true that he was very worried
rope because being in the 5, being in
stockings turned green apart from stockings
and people who had a lot of weight and a lot
can. Yeah, man, I understand that the
people who are uncomfortable are annoying, aren't they?
Many times either good or one thing is to be
uncomfortable and something else might happen
certain lines. What happens is that he
I believe and I say this sincerely, I believe that
he was not objective. He was her target
because he considered that they had done him
damages and then he took the fall for everything
what I had. I'm entering
qualifiers also entering into good,
So keep going with that crusade, right?
Messing with someone Yes, I see it the same way
to acne, I don't know if there might be
tried some kind of agreement or something
like that, okay? But I don't
I know, I have my doubts about whether they have
tried a lot agreement for what I have
publicly seen regarding the
comments that have been made until now
she still having spent years
after. Well, I would try to get rid of it.
on top of it whatever, huh? I take it
I would try to remove
on. Hey, watch him watch the interview.
complete on the Marina channel, okay? AND
Here he talks about Antonio David. I'll see
this piece too and we go to the
following. Okay. Type of relationship with
Antonio David. What do you think about what he said?
went from what Mediaset did in its
moment with taking away voice at the business level
and at the Nada level? These come out innocent
both. Allah. Man, Alberto, I don't
I wish evil, okay? I do not wish that on you
they are criminally convicted,
But I see it complicated, huh? I mean, yes
The photos are on a private site,
I see
complicated, professional and a little bit that
root of the doc, a little bit of that matter
above. Well look, eh, I said it.
first day after the first chapter.
And they kicked you out?
No, but but almost not because we had a
meeting in which they told us that
we could talk freely.
So, eh, I was saying, Antonio David,
He may be a cynic, a scoundrel,
a, I don't know, bad person, but he doesn't
can be called an abuser.
I think we are in that opinion a bit.
bit
unanimous. Well, family, shall we get
a little bit of geeks a day or
that? There are many things, I don't know if I'm going to do them.
let's see them all. How many hours have I been in
straight? For God's sake, I've been here for 3 hours.
direct and we have not achieved the objective
today, Saturday night putting myself here
and no and we have not achieved the goal
because I understand you, Rae.
Do you know that when the Oh, how well I know what
Ra la Peppa understands each other well, right?
How well it is understood in Ra la Peppa.
Theme of the 240.
Exactly, Eva. Totally agree
because it's the same guy, it's the same
crime, too.
Hey, they sent me.
Photos of Algecirra, where I usually go
pass and me
They said, "We're watching you." Oh no
it comes out to me here. Holy crap, Pepa, huh,
They were watching Pepa, huh?
We're watching you.
My goodness.
And it was Jo's clique. My
clique, eh, my clique watching over
Pepa. They sent me to the Association of
Cancer, it's behind Maria Park
Cristina and they sent me
photos in the park eh as if I were
I lie down, watching myself among the grasses and
others. Here you have the photo watching over
Peppa among the herbs and so on.
Okay. Hey, this reporter, that is, Rasel
pretending to be a cat, takes this
photograph. Okay. And you are watching the
photo that Peppa says is that
were
watching. I mean, it's a fake cat.
Peppa is a fake cat. Okay, uh,
This is from
lie. No crocodile in sight.
Okay, Peppa. I mean, this is a joke,
Peppa.
If I'm not mistaken, this image will be of
Google, from
made. Okay,
tremendous. Of the
240, eh, they sent me photos, the same,
No? From Algecirra, where I usually go
pass and me
They said, "We're watching you." And it was the
Jo's clique. They sent me the
Jo's clique, a cat. Hey, the
Cancer Association is behind the
Mara Cristina Park and they sent me
photos in the park, eh, as if
were
keeping an eye on me in the weeds and
others. I have a cat. Oh, I closed it.
They sent photos of But authentic photos.
Very authentic photos. We have seen it. EITHER
well, you have never come across a
cat in a trench coat. Freshly made because
Furthermore, they had been there for a week
painted the facade pad. No no.
Apart from the fact that the cat came out with clothes,
It was from this year, come on, from this
season, from the pack that Alberto had
and I had to put up with all that, eh,
a cat watching her. Quasar, lots of them
thanks, love. I love that one
sticker. What I don't love is that it doesn't
We've reached 50 today, huh?
We are watching, we know where
this. Tremendous. It seems like pure magic to me.
and
hard. I can't point. Well, I know that
the cats did post something on Twitter.
Hm. And the cat and the cat. The cat with with
the
raincoat. And what about this?
Ah, you've seen the video. What have you seen?
the video. He has
[Music]
liked. Let's see, this is what the
cat, huh? And as one. This reporter is
has moved this. Let's see, let's see. Have you
have you seen the video? Maybe he'll rectify it,
No? Now he will rectify it early tomorrow morning.
and he'll say, "Wow, I was wrong.
I remembered her in a different way.
image." Ciras to catch Peppa in
the door of the association. That is, or
be,
He's going to rectify it, right? Peppa. That is, of
a joke by Russell that
There have been some things on Google that have been done
she the movie that they were chasing her,
that among which I don't know what. Look,
Look how strong two doves are.
Kiss, Rosa. There maybe these are
someone infiltrated by Javi's team.
Ridiculous, you are very ridiculous. That is
They have also dressed up as doves and
they are there or maybe Loli's.
They were there watching you too. Have you
looked at that? Have you researched it? Says
Wizard, "Maybe I would reach the goal if
you asked for the 100,000 plate."
can you leave me alone, Wizard? What the [ __ ]
is
this? You are giving me the day,
uncle. It's that really, what can't
It is that I have to endure
famous, eh, geeky characters and,
even my own followers, man.
Also Peppa. Well, well, well,
Well. Fake, aunt, balls, with two with
all your [ __ ]. Come here, show it to her,
show it to her. You don't have it because it's fake.
Taken photos, I don't know what. I mean, that's
Russell, that Russell joke that will be
an image taken from Google for
make the joke. A kiss, Marchioness.
Now he says that among the bushes, I don't know
that they are good. Really, it is
This lady's situation is sickening. is
sickly. He says, "The worst thing is that it is the
people who believe are lies." There
this. Sure, there it is. But it has not been given
people say it's a lie that is
is inventing now as to
to equalize with the other. That I believe that
It is in its loop that it believes its
own lie. No, no, but now it's going to
rectify. No, not this, this cannot be done.
be. This is too much. The thing about the thing about the
image is too much.
The flattery he's playing at the other guy
he is licking her feet. But come on,
an exaggerated thing. R. I love you.
Ra that I love you a R.
Wait, I'm going to take a sip of it.
Mercadona. All the live shows are like
Loli. He wants it in every live show
upload so that of course, so that of not
She has to give it and she enjoys it in
all the live shows. Yeah, get in, get in.
No. Oh, how much poop lying in the
soup. Well, I hope that doesn't happen to you.
like with Loli, then come with the
crying and saying that it is that when you
attacks you is very unfair when he
business of Well, this, gentlemen,
This is the joke of the day.
Wait where they have to go. Well,
Come on, there are nine left for the challenge. A
Thank you, Salom. You had to come
you, uh, to fix this, uh, you're
older people
of eh imagine. I am that when I see myself
to Pepa in the kids' space
These are crossovers that I have created.
that I say, what am I forming in
the internet? My goodness, what am I doing?
training on the internet, mamen. Less
Bad, Mamen, thank goodness you came,
Mamen, let's fix this, okay?
Hello, Javi. What a ridiculous woman, so
elderly. I'm sorry, but I don't understand,
aunt. If you remembered the photo more. Well,
Well, now you fix it and that's it, right?
The sauce it has
176,000 subscribers. The biggest fools
You are over 40, 50, and 60 years old.
like me. Well, he says I'm 70,
Okay? whichever you want, Javi, eh,
clapping in the chat, which as the
I know everyone in Fran's chat
Cuesta, we love you what we are
doing. What a pity. Oh, how sad
in your family. Oh, what Daughters of the great
fruit. Daughters of the great fruit. Pepa,
Pepa, that was before Before the No
tell your mom about Frank's stream. that
It was before. It was before. Pepa, who
you're talking no no you haven't even looked. Hm.
No, no, they do it now, they do it
I know them, that I put the
Fran's live performance is there.
like when you're talking to your grandmother
and you say yes to avoid arguing
with her. That's the other one. Well, what are they?
moderators above Ah, well, the
Moderators are the sick ones, obviously.
Those are sick ones. Yes, yes. In addition to that
I know them all. Yes, Pepa, I know.
We all know that we
you know and that you have been here. It
we know, we know. You repeat it all
the days, Peppa.
Birthday.
My goodness. Please, please.
Happy birthday. Birthday.
Birthday.
They have to totally. You're loading
to the internet, churra. Totally, tasting.
I consider myself guilty because you remember
that at the beginning of starting to discover
You told all this to Fran Fran Ranaway
of
by Javi Oliveira, hey, open up, open up
he, uh, go on your own, open up. And there is
done the exact opposite, man.
Well, yes, if he hadn't taken that
decision, perhaps Cerlen does not like it
would have been a real pain, huh? the
Cerlend would not have done the
investigation that ended in the
newspapers
Spaniards. All the newscasts
opening with your information. The
The thing is that they are recognizing that
Fran Cuesta has sought the harassment
that you are receiving now for not leaving
to join us, that they
They said to stop hanging out with
us, that you withdraw from the side of
Javi. Don't leave Javi's side,
So let's go for it
you. That's it. They are telling you
That's crystal clear, man. That has a
name. Let's see, what's wrong with this one?
Antonio Robles, animal expert by
having lived in the countryside and read three
Google articles. Let's see what he said.
I am very interested in Antonio's opinion.
eh about this topic. Eh, I could go in
work instead of 5:30 in the morning
tomorrow. Rapier? At 12:30 at
noon.
Ah, that's a joke.
And Loli Huerta who has not benefited
never even in 1 euro of his illness,
She herself has not spoken about her
disease, that we have been others who
we have talked about your
disease. Crush every day with
the same story.
But then from Troy, invent a
cancer or
exaggerating it would be bad or it would not be bad.
It would be to stop talking to someone or
it wouldn't be. Tell me,
tell me.
Ah, that's crazy,
uncle. Let's see, I'm going to put some
tweets. I don't know if I should go to the
salsa or not. What time is it? They are that I
half an hour left. Let's see, I don't know if
take and see here.
I don't know if I should take it and see it here, although later
upload the extract to the
sauce shop. Something he sent me
places. Hey,
Let's see what Franco does. Host,
but it lasts 26 minutes. Do we see it or
that? I'm curious. Franco is
rises on June 16, 2023. The
next photo with the title Sparks and
Jip Lip. Jip Jip. Who is Jip Jip? HE
have joined the group in the river within the
National Park. from now on and for
will finally live like a wild otter. All
fake. I had taken the photo in a
Mattinson site article, dated
of July 8, 2020. That is, the
Chispitas' farewell photo
it's not even Sparks. He grabbed her by a
article published 3 years earlier, the
Chispitas' farewell farce, greetings
idiots, submissives of what the [ __ ],
crazy. Kill this Mexi, you bastard. Already
the [ __ ] who gave birth to him. What a [ __ ].
But anyway, let's see, I don't know, a photo.
fake, a fake photo also does not have to be
what if you're lying. Know
what do I mean?
Hey, well you got the photo, it fits you.
for your story and for your history, eh, and
you put it, I mean, it's not a I'm not telling you
scamming with that story. A kiss,
Tesa, darling. One thing that you
invent, a story that will be yes or no
It will be so, that you give it that ending in your
channel this animal, okay? And out. No
has more. Imagine that you have left
free to Chispas or whatever and no
You have a photo and then you take it from
internet and you say, "What ver, what else?"
I don't know, I don't see it, I don't see it as a
indicator of nothing, right? On May 8th
2018, Frank Cuesta published in his
Instagram proof that there was
sick with malaria with the title "Me
I brought an invasive animal from Africa."
What a pain. The funny thing is that 6 years
before, in 2012, that same image of the
malaria test that Frank showed in his
Instagram appears in an article by a
newspaper called The Herald, dated
exactly on October 28, 2012.
That is to say, he lied about malaria and the
he didn't take the malaria test
himself, grabbed it from an article written
6 years before and he publishes alone and at the
publishing it just zoomed in on it
photo. Let's see, that, for example, is true.
it smells worse,
because what's the point of uploading that?
fake? No, you take a photo of the test.
that you have done and that's it. Does not have
sense. He can't read. You're an idiot. No
They know how to write. How am I going to read?
This if they don't write well? Your [ __ ] mother,
What am I going to read? I don't understand anything. I don't know
whose message is it. I don't know about this.
What Fran Cuesta is accused of in context.
A ball. Alright. Don't bring any more. There
you can't, dude. Three cockatoos. Already,
already. And now this is not possible. Don't bring
further. You can't do it there, man. The [ __ ]
what a screenshot. Why me?
does it read the same? But well, I
I mean buying an animal in a zoo, no
It's bad. I don't miss anything. How bad
has to buy an animal in a zoo. In a
I feel bad. Without demand there is no business. Ari,
I'm going to be objective, okay? No, no, I'm not going.
to put myself in Spanish. Damn, today is
playing the fool, huh, Manuemi?
There's less left
here to criticize Franesta. The reality
It's, let's see, let's be realistic. This
People, let's see, let's start from the base
These people are all [ __ ] cockroaches
of [ __ ] that is just the same as
Fran Cuesta says, without demand there is no
offer, because these are the same, if not
there is gossip, they have no visitors. With it
which, which? No, if they are not doing
the way they are doing it and with the
characters that are doing, okay?
These people, like any other gossip,
No? I mean, these people are not going to open up to you.
tomorrow and they're going to talk about Star Yuki
crying for Cuba or Nainda Rechi what
It happened to him today with Marluca. No, this one
people is Javi Dallas and whatever he has in
your environment. If not, they don't have 500
spectators, which is what they are there for
arriving now, aren't they? 500, 700, etc.
better 800, right? Anything that is
These [ __ ] cockroaches of [ __ ] say
It must be taken with tweezers because
They obviously always want attention, so
that we have to take that into account
account. A kiss
sog aim for the moon. Mission
fulfilled. I think if a pes then almost
almost. No, but not to me where you have almost
almost.
Soje, thank you so much. What a piece of
super chat, honey. What are you going to buy?
animals in a zoo. Alright,
No? I mean, what's wrong with it?
bad. The animals in the zoo
They tend not to be very good, right?
Obviously in a sanctuary they will be
better. Buy an animal at a zoo. This
good, right? Ha ha. I don't live off that [ __ ].
I do it because that old man made fun of the
my mother's death. What are you saying? Hey, Ray
to. I don't know who you are from these. That the R
appearing. They are like
super anxious people appearing everywhere
chat. Let's see who mentions him. Let's see if
You're made famous by the Spanish, man. I mean, how do you
you can find out that the best is
talking about you? A kiss, Salom. This is it
from here above to the right. No, I don't know.
No, it is ler. What. If not even
you are here. Do you feel alluded to? Because
your name appears here. I am saying
this. You're not even here. Because
do you feel alluded to? He says, "What
shame. Good work, Javi." Thanks.
Thank you, family. One more day we have
arrived. That they are here. No, I prefer
I'm the one on the left. How are you going to be?
the one on the left? If this is Javi
Oliveira, right? Ah, it's not Javi
Oliveira. What the
[ __ ]. I don't mind it
No, I can't do it.
believe. No, but I didn't expect that.
I didn't expect that. But why are you?
so bastard, Luare? Why do you send me?
This, dude, I thought it was Javi
Oliveira. The [ __ ]. No, but they are
equal. What the [ __ ]?
A forty-something with a backwards cap, right?
A forty-something dressed as
No, don't [ __ ] with me. You are his clone. No, my
bad my bad for the flame. So I
I thought it was Javi Oliveira this time
plan, I swear, I've seen it, I've
since I thought about it in the second
one. I didn't even look at the name, I thought
that was Javi 100%.
Me too. It's true that yes. No
I'm crazy. No, let's see, I don't do it here.
I see absolute. I'm cracking up. He saw her like this
of respite and said gossip channel.
This is the
Javi. Holy crap, absolutely terrible. TO
is that he has not noticed him. The ha
seen like this from above, in passing. Well
note like that, right? That is, there is no context
in this audio. He says he wants to catch
an animal from a zoo and
buy it. I don't see it, I don't see it being
anti-animalist. No, I say, let's see, the
problem with the issue of buying the
animals would be that all animals
absolutely always would have been
bought, you understand? And buy
animals to put them there as if it were
That was just a show, did you?
you understand? But there are animals that
They have been bought for x reason, hey,
I need to put these animals here
because they are very Imagine, you have, I
I don't know, I'm going to make something up,
Okay? Imagine, you have a
single meerkat,
lonely, man, well, what's yours is that
have some company, okay? Then you take
a meerkat that is stuck in a
classroom and take them to the sanctuary,
Okay? And they are a herd and they make a living
normal, do you understand me? That is, it can
have 1000 1000 there can be 1000
examples where I decide from time to time
when buying an animal, okay? Hey,
that they buy guinea pigs and eat what they eat
I was listening to it on audio, right? Coballas,
rabbits and that for the part of the
camp. Well, yes, it does have
that there is fauna, right? Franco admits
that he doesn't care about animals, that
only buys them to monetize and that
people donate to him. And it sounds bad, I don't
I mean. The reality is that never
there should be a context where it matters
what the person likes or dislikes
people, right? If he does it only for
the good of animals. What is it for?
The audio doesn't say that either. that the
animals are well and can have a
sanctuary that Ham says Fran tells me
how much does a crazy person cost. Holy [ __ ], me
I'd buy a meerkat, huh? No
you would have meerkats if you could. No
I would like to have meerkats.
And that it has self-support, right? Is
say, that I don't lose money and that I can
be viable, because people have to
like the animals there are, right? In
plan, may be one way to look at it
also being a lawyer
a little bit of the devil, but it sounds bad.
Know? But it can also be typical
of, look, I want to have a sanctuary
where the animals are well, but
Obviously the money has come from somewhere
side, right? So then, if the
people like the animals that are there,
but not to me, to where they have to give.
Javi, my weapon, you are my antidepressant.
How great you are.
Well, that's it, right? The thing about buying
animals obviously need context
also. Frank, after a cat
have finished off chickens, rabbits,
etc., for his Frank always says that
the point is not animalist
animals. Ray, yes, but when you talk
of animalism, of animalist someone of
colloquially speaking, we do not speak of
activism, we are talking about a person who
You have to take care of animals, right? What what
has a good relationship, he loves them. His
own negligence, having
decaying facilities allow putting
traps to kill cats. I don't see it
horrible either. I don't see it as horrible. Yeah
You have roosters, hens, ducks and you
sneak in a [ __ ] cat and kill them all,
crazy. He shoots that cat with a shotgun.
no matter how much it is
animal rights activist, like, they're going to give it to him
ass to the [ __ ] shitty cat. Not me
I mean, it doesn't seem to me, it doesn't seem to me
no [ __ ] madness. Me too
He shot the cat, but it's not
its human fault. No, I don't think so either.
that this is Franco's fault. Not me
I mean, at no point does it say that
it's his fault. An animal sneaks into you
the sanctuary and it starts killing you
sanctuary animals. What do you do with
that animal? Well, you kill him. TO
[ __ ] you. Cats are like that, they kill
to any animal. Well, the cat
it's skewered. The cat hit him
shotgun, I set a trap. It is not
I see it as terrible not to be an animal either. TO
unless Fran got up every day
mornings and say, "What otter kicked this
tomorrow? Come on, what otter is
"I hit?" Do you understand me? I mean, of course,
They are making the abuser look a little bad
of animals. To a guy who is there 24 hours a day
working for the animals, eh, yeah
gets up at 4 in the morning to give it to him
the bottle to the meerkat, the other the the
the food, I don't know who, the other I don't know
how much. I mean, it doesn't make sense.
that is attempted to be absolutely annulled
all the work of a person for 15
years for good moments
unlucky. It also does not mean being
subnormal, I don't mean being it's like oh,
I don't see it as bad, no, I wouldn't change it,
I wouldn't see it as a bad thing, you know? For now
the only thing that I the only thing that Frank
I would have to justify what I have
Seen to my taste it would be him. Because
buy animals? When you have given so much
relevance that without demand there is no
offer, why do you buy animals? And so
of malaria, well, I mean neither
It is a, yes it is a lie, but no
It's a relevant lie, isn't it? What was it?
the context of the lie? Like,
put something to give attention,
chat, you would be surprised at the amount of
lies that everyone tells
would surprise anyone
influencer like that. Silly Little Lies is one
ghosted, she is a ghost. Wow, me
They have contracted malaria, give me 50,000
Well, I would say it's ugly, it's ugly.
balls. But if he says he has malaria
to upload a ghost, the ghost of the
day, well, daily bread of of
the influencers, you know? Frank assures
that the cat dies so that the poison is
explode the cats inside. Clear,
poisoning it is super brave, putting a
fencing or making a chicken coop was very expensive.
But Raet, why do you get into these?
bled? I see your profile, where
where did your name come from? I don't know you from
nothing, eh, but live streamer cryptocent
partnercrypto.com, partnerbidget.com
Miami, crazy, invest in crypto and make
crypto videos. Why do you have to
go see if Frank Cuesta has made a
chicken coop so you don't have to
kill the cat, what do you care?
Excellent. Holy [ __ ], man, because of
Rael I have to agree with him.
better. What if Javi Oliveira
[ __ ] up? I don't know, like, no, but it's gone to
He has gone to tell her something about Javi.
Oliveira. I mean, but I mean, what
What you're saying there is that you're [ __ ] around
To Fran for the friendship you have with
Dallas and I don't know what. It's like, man, already
nobody is telling you anything. Let's do it
each one our life. Already
is, leaves the environment.
Raet is the one who Raet, you are the one who did
Pambi's thing with Dallas to leave the
context. You have no lore, dude. Yes, I know
like, well you helped make a scam
terrible. Well, crazy, sometimes the
Karma is tough, isn't it? What do I know, they happen.
Yes, Raet became Pambi. Let's see, if you are
stuck behind Pambi, I can, I have
high security that your probably
intentions were not there, they were not at all
good, you know? like that, that wasn't it
a project with good faith, that was a
project to screw people and steal
money, you know? I'm sure of it. AND
Well, about the cat, eh, I still think,
I still think that it's like it explodes
[ __ ] cat, you know? Like, I have a
chicken coop and a cat comes and kills me
four hens, you don't even need to have them
a sanctuary. Clar, I'm not selling myself either.
of an animalist, right? In plan
very strong. Fran rejoices that
Dog gets beaten up for not having
horns. I need every Spaniard,
but not me, man. There are too many of them.
Rael went to bed sadly that night.
Well, I don't know when this was, but
It must have been now, right? Ago a
a while. The puppy, the puppy fights
even without horns. But this is what I
I can do it
stall. I can stop this. No it
you can stop in any way. No it
I can stop. This is a [ __ ], but
This can't be done
stall. This is part of This is part of
life.
This is part of the
life, kids. I can't stop it, huh?
I had several people telling me what what
brutality, but this is so,
uncle. This, that is, they no longer know what
scratch, really.
I don't give a damn about animals,
but I go out with a shotgun, I put
four more chickens and I set the cat free and
When he comes I'll put four shots in his
head to the cat, but wow, and on top of that I
river, you know? And let's see if he suffers there later.
on the ground a bit like, right? Hey,
as is, eh, no, I wouldn't sleep badly because of the
night, I assure you. I am sincere,
Okay? But I don't sell myself
animal rights activist, that's also clear, isn't it?
That is to say, I am not going to go to the supermarket.
animal rights activist and such, I don't give a damn about
the animals. Look, there's an animal, huh?
The only animal that matters to me is my
dog. The rest of me don't give a damn.
stratospheric level. If I have some
ducks that matter to me and they are killed by a
cat. The cat is upset. Have
dogs, right? Yes, but I care
my dogs. Do you know conclusions that
Can I withdraw in the short term? That's the chi
a [ __ ] stratospheric rat.
It doesn't make any sense. Is
that is, a person who has been by your side
Franco Cuesta's a priori holding on
all his evil deeds, right? To be
anti-animalist, liar, I don't know what,
enduring everything, right? Swallowing,
swallowing, swallowing, swallowing, holding on
and prolonging the lies, okay? And then
the moment it ceases to be able
scratch and can scratch on the other side,
sells. That guy is a piece of rat
filthy, but out of control, huh? That
It's garbage, but garbage, garbage, garbage.
Like, he knows how to have a minimum,
You know? A bit of a moral code,
like having a little bit of I think that
The opinion is unanimous, man, of any
person, okay? The opinion is the
following. You have to report some
practices that are done in the sanctuary.
Damn right, you have the right to
do it. The first thing is that you stop
talking to Fran you are seeing those
practices. You stop talking to him and
then you file some legal complaints and
then you go out and tell it. If you like,
perfect. [ __ ] awesome. But expose
things of private life, laugh at the
children, eh photographs, intimate content,
audios with intimate content, nothing has
what to see.
I mean, you have to have some
codes. What the [ __ ] is this about you?
You fight with a person and it's no longer that
report it, it is a practice, it is that you are
exposing their sexuality, their life
intimate. Well, obviously all of those
things have made people put them
in
against. It's an anime, huh, Jos Luis? EITHER
well, look, it's unanimous.
Science, man. No, you cannot betray
so to someone who has been with so much
time, you know? two-duck snake,
as is. Agri says until he does it
feels a lot, but they read it through the ass
cat. I agree. Agri adds to it
points in my favor, this is Franco. But
is that if he has been there and has endured and
has allowed all of that to happen, has
a clear name, necessary collaborator,
so it's almost as if I did it
him, right? No, exactly. I mean has
the same amount of guilt as Franco
Costs. If there have been things that have
been bad. That is to say that in the
conversation he was a participant and would be
OK. Say, for example, what about the
cat, that is, the chi is the same as that of a
beginning of a bad person than Franco
to have done the thing with the cat and have it
having tolerated it and on top of that, worse because it
He snitched, right? A bit like the randal
from the patio gang, right? Hey,
evidence of how Frank records cats
eating his trap with poison. Clip
complete where Fran Cuesta admits that
I would gladly kill a cat. It is that it is
he's making a lot of fuss about the cat
and it still seems irrelevant to me, crazy.
Let the cat speak. think that everything
It started by making me feel and about
everything no longer sells the shirts of
Frank. He's already taken it off, I think, eh, already.
when these days he has been saying and
others, okay?
Um, he says, "Jo, you also have to accept
that Fran has been lucky who has
guided his funa." Ju, is that nobody
would have carried this funa. That they are not
those.
If it's not because I've been lucky or not
have been lucky, is that they would not have
is that no one would have taken
that. That is, they went to Diego Arrabal with
the information. Diego Arval takes
fatal with Fran, they have not had bad
relationship when they were presented with what
They were going for what they wanted to get. What did he say?
Diego Garraval? And the Early Michael who
no, man. Even Leg Pasa said no.
There are several youtubers who have said that
No. Because? Why not. Because I'm not going to
I'll take it here on my channel and I'll
to expose that this guy has a
video call with I don't know what girlfriend, who
the pigeon has been wrapped around
I don't know who, an audio where Fran says
that I want to [ __ ], I don't know how much. Uncle,
that
No, not that. You take this out for me. This is the
first day, this, the thing with the cats. Look
what he does with cats. Okay, you
It seems very bad, we already discussed it, you know?
But no one has wanted to bring that up. It's not
that I have had, it is not that I have had
Luckily, no one would have done it
No, there have been no others who went to
do
that. No, a little bit of logic.
Friend from Dallas, a cat can kill
many chickens and many and a rabbit and
such. Cats are so strong. Yes,
yes, no. I don't see anything wrong with it. No it
I see badly. Always something else is that you
you take a famous person, okay? But of course, or
be, no not a person who is your friend
that or that has been your friend, that has
had an intimate relationship with you, right?
Another thing is that you to a famous eh a
famous you see it on a street
rolling with someone eh or in a
place together as it happened with PL and
Aitana. That is, PL and Aitana recently
recorded on a paper of the Republic
Dominican. Well yes, that is it
relevant, that does draw attention.
They are on a pap or in a, I don't know if it was
a pap, a disco, yes. Let's see,
two famous hm there flirting in a
public place. Well, let's see, in one place
where there are people, of course, yes, but
some audios where you in a moment of
trust you are giving him
comment to your friend, that then many
times you with your friend many times
You can talk nonsense and then no no
It is the same as what is executed in the
real life, you know? That is, it is that
there is no reason to justify it
that, man. Like, look, if it's going to happen to him
catch the cat and it will catch it, you know?
Like, he's going to put it in there and look, you know
that will let him kill 10 chickens
further. Man, don't [ __ ] with me. Alright,
okay, okay. Legit. There is a long way to go
context of these things, right? Can't
watch a clip like this and say, "Franco
is doing something wrong." The
context, right? Where is it from?
buying or what? But if you buy it for
that people let it go. And me, what?
balls the T that I have put a while ago
while, I just realized that it has
1.3 billion and
average, 33,000
likes. What a [ __ ], how she likes it
people spread gossip and such. That
what does it matter? No, let's see, that would go like
against what he defends, right?
Because he defends that if you do not buy
animals, in principle there is none
need to harm them, nor to
hunt them, or cage them or anything or
nothing, right? I mean, it's like you [ __ ] up
quite a lot of poaching and everyone
people who, as a rule,
In general, buying animals is never
Well, regardless, unless
for some reason you buy it, look, for
example, where I did see it better is
buy it from a zoo, right? Maybe,
although they will catch more animals later,
i guess. I assume you never have any
kind of excuse, right? buy animals or
that. They are showing audios where Frank
He says he buys the animals and uses them.
for your videos and courses. There is no
rescues, neither police nor traffickers who
give him the animals. Everything is a theater
for YouTube. But how many times have I
are you going to put the same barrel clip? Look,
while cutting the This only shows the
poor condition in which it is kept. This
Chile the pig, right? Chill as hell.
This just shows the terrible state of
the one who keeps Franesta his animals in
the sanctuary. The pig is there
chilling, isn't it? Chill as hell, but
without breathing. But what about these things? In
what universe these things are the fault of
Francoesta? I don't mean. Wow, there is a
wounded animal here. At what time is it
Fran Cuesta's fault? Audio 20. Purchase
animals again. Franco Cuesta says
who buys the animals, also says
that they are crap, he uses them for his
videos and courses, there are no rescues, nor
police or traffickers who give them the
animals. But I've always spoken the same way.
Francoa as if they had a [ __ ]
everyone, you know? I've always spoken like this,
He has always spoken like this. I thought that
It was much worse, eh, the Francoesta thing, the
that had come out like, everyone
me
I said, that is, the link has been removed
the
bio. Well, I don't know if he took it off,
Salom, look, it says more here. Probably
He put it yesterday and he has the name here, the
sanctuary. Because? Because if not,
people don't find it.
Fran's plan, I don't know what. Only
They want to cause [ __ ]. Yes, yes. These people
All he wants to do is stir up [ __ ]. that
Reyes says, "Diego Arrabal said that everything
It was very dirty and he didn't like it either.
that they use it." It is not the
sense. It's that they have hit each other
themselves shot themselves in the foot with several
content they have published. I mean, yes
the content would have been
only, those of the said yesterday
discussion also, if the content
would have been solely related to the
management of the sanctuary, as it can be done
understand as a complaint.
Okay, but the first thing was, it is not
that the son makes fun of the son, eh, that
Yes, I know that no, no, there is no way.
pick it up. They have shot themselves in the foot
they and and well, so that's why you have to
take everything that these people put in plan,
You have to take it with a grain of salt because
All they want is to have an exclusive
so that they can see them, because obviously
They just live off it, nobody cares about them
none of these, they just live off
to put [ __ ] on other people, with which
which you have to be very careful with,
You know? With everything I told you, the peak
I take it and a white guy has it
made a really outraged video, right?
I would only kill him for being a friend of
Dallas. That's enough to kill him.
xd. Good summary. Fran Cuesta is worse
that Peluchn Entertainment. Plush no
acts normal. It looks like it has a beach
mental. Fran Cuesta is worse than
Plushie, man. A note that took the
cats and recorded them while they
kicked, while throwing them down the
toilet the newborn puppies.
He was a minor. Frank. It was done
animal lover for a hot moment and that's it.
I think so, eh, because it's something I would say
and I wouldn't do it. I don't really know which one.
is the area. Maybe maybe a [ __ ] cat
shitty. I see it well, [ __ ] the [ __ ] cat
that he has killed all the chickens.
Okay, but this looks hot,
sincerely. It can be hot. Is
It's likely that it's a bit hot and won't go
to do it. Like, I highly doubt that
have put poison to kill the
dogs. I doubt it. It's a hottie and that's it
this. I believe it, huh? Because it is something that
I would say and not do. It's just that I don't know very well
well what is the area. Maybe maybe one
area where there are only [ __ ] dogs
savages who sneak in to kill
animals in the sanctuary. Being
realistic, being realistic, okay, I see
worse to make a scam coin like Pambi to
ruin tens of thousands or hundreds of
thousands of viewers and [ __ ] families, [ __ ]
lives and screw a lot of people who
what we are talking about
Francoesta, you know? Honestly, I'm going to
leave it there, eh? I'll leave it there. It
I feel so sorry for the dogs, for everything. AND
These are making content with this
Sir, I believe Pambi. That guy is already known
He will have left here all frustrated, but
Pambi is a scam except for the part
Ret, that is, everything seems to these two
Pambios R was terrible, except for the
Re. Tien's participation is non-existent
where to get it. There is no way around
take it in any way to any of them
the three of them, man.
Probably. But I support Frank,
the dogs are
educate with it, okay? Like, you have
poisoned this bug because it was playing
just do it. [ __ ] the [ __ ] cat
shitty. And if the dogs come in, well
Look, Japens, crazy, that darkness
better, huh? But lying, putting more
lies and lies as obvious as
Say that you are going to put laxative, what about
what will it serve? Are you going to take laxative?
for the cat? Above you have an audio
saying that you're going to enjoy watching how
the cat dies. That is, they are things
that are said in private and that's it
this. What is this? Because? Because
I'm there in Tiranta?
But why?
I look like I just came out of a center
from Oh, Why? Because? Because?
Because? That? Let's see, I don't know what clip
I'll see. Harassment. I'm fed up
of people who use harassment